  Post Graduate Programme in Management | One Year MBA Equivalent Programme | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs Contact Post Graduate Programme in Management One year of transformation “After six years in the branding space, I was looking for a more holistic outlook to business.” Mamta Saini, PGP '10 | Brand Manager, L’Oreal India “The PGP is one intense year. The more you keep your mind open, the richer you will be.” Prameet Kamat, PGP '06 | Business Development Manager, Dupont India “After ISB, my definition of a career progression changed completely.” Shouvik Dhar, PGP '09 | Radar Scientist turned serial entrepreneur PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Post Graduate Programme In Management What is the ISB PGP? Who is it for? Why the PGP? Post Graduate Programme in Management Learning Model Student Life Peer Group Student Connect Careers Admissions International Applicants Fees and Financing Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme What is the ISB PGP? The Post Graduate Programme in Management(PGP) at the Indian School of Business develops global leaders. It gives an insight on emerging economies and their unique business challenges. This carefully-crafted one-year programme incorporates practical industry applications with a rigorous, cutting-edge, research-based curriculum. This has transformed several mid-career professionals to global business leaders of today and tomorrow. The PGP is meant to hone your skills and challenge conventional wisdom. Who is it for? The programme is an incisive one-year programme designed for mid-career professionals who want to study management. It enables professionals to move laterally into different professional roles, or into roles of greater responsibility, or even set on an entrepreneurial journey. As a mid-career professional, you will find that the PGP brings to life several practical business scenarios, drawing as it does from practical industry application. It will help you develop your decision making approach and challenge your beliefs. Why the PGP? In a span of one year, students get a thorough understanding of the global business issues from outstanding resident and visiting faculty, and are equipped to take on challenging roles in some of the best companies in the world. In 2008, the Indian School of Business became the youngest institution to be ranked among the Top 20, in the Global B-school Rankings by the Financial Times, London, and since then has been featured consistently among the top B-schools globally. One year comprehensive programme that gives you the learning of a traditional MBA in a customisable format Global curriculum that teaches you the best of management practises from around the world Unique portfolio faculty model that brings the top academicians from each discipline under one roof Experienced & diverse peer group to give you a holistic learning experience inside and outside the classroom SHARE THIS PAGE Download Mobile App ISB 360 Android App ISB 360 iOS App ISB 360 BlackBerry App Take Action Read the Blog Apply Now Request Brochure Attend an Info Session Campus Visit Life on Campus More Videos ISB Advantage The India Edge Strong focus on business in India and other emerging economies. Know More World-class Campuses Two state-of-the-art, fully residential campuses, at Hyderabad and Mohali. Know More Global Accreditation First business school in South Asia to be accredited by AACSB. Know More Unique Associations Academic alliances with global B-schools Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More Outstanding Faculty Distinguished scholars from India and the world. Know More Research Focus Highest output for research and management thought leadership in India. Know More Quick Links FAQs FAQ Search ISB 360 Videos Contact Us Follow PGP Founding Associate Schools Associate Schools Accreditation Founding Associate Schools Associate Schools Accreditation Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  Apply Online | Registrations | PGP | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs Contact PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Pgp > Admissions > Apply Online Post Graduate Programme in Management Learning Model Student Life Peer Group Student Connect Careers Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Fees and Financing Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme Apply Online Welcome to the ISB’s one-year Post Graduation Programme (PGP) application process. You will need to sign up to get started with your application. We urge you to read up the ‘Help’ tab provided on every section to ensure an error free and efficient way of filling the application. If you are reapplying to the ISB, you must create a fresh login and password. However, as a part of the Registration Form, you will be able to select the data fields that you wish to re-use this year, instead of entering it again. Click here to Apply SHARE THIS PAGE Download Mobile App ISB 360 Android App ISB 360 iOS App ISB 360 BlackBerry App Take Action Read the Blog Apply Now Request Brochure Attend an Info Session Campus Visit ISB Advantage The India Edge Strong focus on business in India and other emerging economies. Know More World-class Campuses Two state-of-the-art, fully residential campuses, at Hyderabad and Mohali. Know More Global Accreditation First business school in South Asia to be accredited by AACSB. Know More Unique Associations Academic alliances with global B-schools Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More Outstanding Faculty Distinguished scholars from India and the world. Know More Research Focus Highest output for research and management thought leadership in India. Know More Quick Links FAQs FAQ Search ISB 360 Videos Contact Us Follow PGP Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  Admissions | One Year Programme | PGP | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs Contact PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Pgp > Admissions Post Graduate Programme in Management Learning Model Student Life Peer Group Student Connect Careers Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Fees and Financing Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme Admissions The Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) is designed for those who want to transform their careers by expanding their existing thought process and refining their goals and objectives. This one-year programme makes it easy for professionals to take a break in the middle of their career. Here is something you should know if you are aiming for an admission to ISB: Admission Calendar Since the deadlines for Indian and international applicants vary, the ISB recommends you to see the respective dates to avoid any kind of delay in your application process. Know More > Know More > Admission Prerequisites The ISB welcomes students from diverse educational and cultural backgrounds. To be eligible for admission to ISB you need to have a Bachelor’s degree in any discipline. Know More > Know More > Selection Criteria The ISB considers each of you as unique and important. However, to give yourself that extra edge, there are some parameters that you can highlight to enable you to outshine the others. Know More > Know More > Admission Events The Information Sessions conducted by ISB aims to reach out to all prospective students. This programme offers you an opportunity to meet the School’s representatives. Here, your questions regarding the programme will be answered. Know More > Know More > Virtual Infosession The Virtual Infosession give you an overview of the programme, curriculum, fees, financial aid and more. It is also serves as a useful primer if you are attending a Q&A session with the Admissions officials in your city. Know More > Know More > International Applicants The PGP at ISB is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB). The curriculum is developed in coordination with ISB’s associate schools: ?Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More > Know More > Re Applicants Each year we receive many applications for entry to the PGP. Since our seats are limited we are unable to entertain all applications. However, ISB invites re-applications to offer you another chance to showcase your abilities. Know More > Know More > Apply Online Apply to the Post Graduate Programme in Management at ISB. We follow a paperless application submission process. Know More > Know More > SHARE THIS PAGE Download Mobile App ISB 360 Android App ISB 360 iOS App ISB 360 BlackBerry App Take Action Read the Blog Apply Now Request Brochure Attend an Info Session Campus Visit Message from Assistant Dean ""All applications are viewed holistically taking into view the academics, work experience and extra-curricular activities"" - Munish Sapra, Assistant Dean, ISB ISB Advantage The India Edge Strong focus on business in India and other emerging economies. Know More World-class Campuses Two state-of-the-art, fully residential campuses, at Hyderabad and Mohali. Know More Global Accreditation First business school in South Asia to be accredited by AACSB. Know More Unique Associations Academic alliances with global B-schools Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More Outstanding Faculty Distinguished scholars from India and the world. Know More Research Focus Highest output for research and management thought leadership in India. Know More Quick Links FAQs FAQ Search ISB 360 Videos Contact Us Follow PGP Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  Connect with an ISB PGP Brand Ambassador | Student Connect | PGP | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs Contact PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Pgp > Student Connect Post Graduate Programme in Management Learning Model Student Life Peer Group Student Connect Careers Admissions International Applicants Fees and Financing Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme Connect with an ISB PGP Brand Ambassador Function - Any - Account Management Accounting Advertising Analytics Architecture Auditing Branding Brand Management Business Development Category Management Client Acquisition Consulting Communications Corporate Communications / PR Corporate Strategy Corporate Social Responsibility Customer Service Development Communication Digital Marketing Education Consulting Education Entrepreneurship Engineering Fashion Retail- Operations and Product Development Field Development - Upstream Oil & Gas Film Production Finance Financial Planning Finance Transformation Consulting Fundraising General Management Healthcare Marketing Human Resource Management Information Technology International Markets International Taxation - Transfer Pricing Investment Banking Investment Management Investment Research IT Services Legal Management Consulting Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Marketing Consulting (Retail & FMCG) Marketing Consulting Merchandising Not Profit Management Operations Partnerships Policy Advocacy Private Equity Product Development & Delivery Production Program Management & Operations Project Management Product Management Procurement & Purchase Public Advocacy Public Policy Real Estate Investments Real Estate Management Research & Development Risk Management Sales & Marketing Senior Consultant Social Entrepreneurship Strategy Execution Strategy & Organisational Planning Strategic Planning Sustainability Consulting Supply Chain Management Taxation Organizational Development Other Experience Select 5-10 10-15 15+ Aakriti Bhatia Function: Investment Banking, Private Equity, Real Estate Investments Experience: 2 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect Aamir Husain Function: Education, Operations Experience: 4 year(s) 9 month(s) Connect Aditi Mantri Function: Management Consulting Experience: 2 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect Akanksha Bishnoi Function: Project Management, Risk Management, Supply Chain Management Experience: 3 year(s) 7 month(s) Connect Aminisha Gupta Function: Consulting, Research & Development Experience: 10 year(s) 3 month(s) Connect Amit Kumar Function: Product Management Experience: 5 year(s) 9 month(s) Connect Amit Bagla Function: Information Technology, IT Services, Project Management Experience: 13 year(s) 0 month(s) Connect Anirudha Jalan Function: General Management Experience: 5 year(s) 0 month(s) Connect Anupriya Pawar Function: Fashion Retail- Operations and Product Development Experience: 4 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect Ashwin Chandrasekher Function: Entrepreneurship Experience: 9 year(s) 5 month(s) Connect Balachandran Nair Function: Project Management Experience: 8 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect Chandrika Deb Function: communications, Not Profit Management, Policy Advocacy Experience: 4 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect Deepak Korrapati Function: Architecture, Sustainability Consulting Experience: 2 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect Dhruv Goel Function: Consulting, Other Experience: 5 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect Dinesh Lulla Function: General Management Experience: 10 year(s) 4 month(s) Connect Gandharv Paliwal Function: General Management, IT Services, Project Management Experience: 6 year(s) 5 month(s) Connect Gaurav Manoj Jha Function: Project Management Experience: 1 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect Gautam Alok Function: Sales & Marketing Experience: 4 year(s) 7 month(s) Connect Karan Solanki Function: Business Development, Entrepreneurship Experience: 7 year(s) 0 month(s) Connect Kartikeya Sharma Function: Auditing, Education Consulting Experience: 3 year(s) 8 month(s) Connect 1 2 3 next › last » Download Mobile App ISB 360 Android App ISB 360 iOS App ISB 360 BlackBerry App Take Action Read the Blog Apply Now Request Brochure Attend an Info Session Campus Visit ISB Advantage The India Edge Strong focus on business in India and other emerging economies. Know More World-class Campuses Two state-of-the-art, fully residential campuses, at Hyderabad and Mohali. Know More Global Accreditation First business school in South Asia to be accredited by AACSB. Know More Unique Associations Academic alliances with global B-schools Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More Outstanding Faculty Distinguished scholars from India and the world. Know More Research Focus Highest output for research and management thought leadership in India. Know More Quick Links FAQs FAQ Search ISB 360 Videos Contact Us Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  Academic Calendar | PGP | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs Contact PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Pgp > Learning Model > Academic Calendar Post Graduate Programme in Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Peer Group Student Connect Careers Admissions International Applicants Fees and Financing Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme Academic Calendar The curriculum at ISB is based on the latest research and global best practices. We review and subsequently upgrade the academic calendar annually such that our courses are both rigorous and relevant to the business environment. Thus, your learning experience is holistic and is based on real-world issues. With core courses at ISB, you get an understanding of the fundamentals of general management. The elective courses offer the flexibility of individual exploration in the area that you choose to study. To get more details on the academic calendar 2016 -17 Academic Calendar - 2016-17 - Hyderabad Academic Calendar - 2016-17 - Mohali Academic calendar 2017 -18 Academic Calendar - 2017-18 - Hyderabad Academic Calendar - 2017-18 - Mohali Transform yourself into a leader with the one-year Post Graduate Programme in Management ( PGP ) at the School. Besides the Independent Study Programme and Corporate Interaction initiatives, ISB also offers you: Leadership Development Programme Planning an Entrepreneurial Venture Experiential Learning Programme International Student Exchange Programme SHARE THIS PAGE Download Mobile App ISB 360 Android App ISB 360 iOS App ISB 360 BlackBerry App Take Action Read the Blog Apply Now Request Brochure Attend an Info Session Campus Visit ISB Advantage The India Edge Strong focus on business in India and other emerging economies. Know More World-class Campuses Two state-of-the-art, fully residential campuses, at Hyderabad and Mohali. Know More Global Accreditation First business school in South Asia to be accredited by AACSB. Know More Unique Associations Academic alliances with global B-schools Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More Outstanding Faculty Distinguished scholars from India and the world. Know More Research Focus Highest output for research and management thought leadership in India. Know More Quick Links FAQs FAQ Search ISB 360 Videos Contact Us Follow PGP Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  Fees and Financing | PGP | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs Contact PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Pgp > Fees Financing Post Graduate Programme in Management Learning Model Student Life Peer Group Student Connect Careers Admissions International Applicants Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme Fees and Financing The Post Graduate Programme in Management at ISB prides itself for being one of the most cost competitive, top ranked management programmes in the world. SHARE THIS PAGE Download Mobile App ISB 360 Android App ISB 360 iOS App ISB 360 BlackBerry App Take Action Read the Blog Apply Now Request Brochure Attend an Info Session Campus Visit Message from Assistant Dean ""All applications are viewed holistically taking into view the academics, work experience and extra-curricular activities"" ISB Advantage The India Edge Strong focus on business in India and other emerging economies. Know More World-class Campuses Two state-of-the-art, fully residential campuses, at Hyderabad and Mohali. Know More Global Accreditation First business school in South Asia to be accredited by AACSB. Know More Unique Associations Academic alliances with global B-schools Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More Outstanding Faculty Distinguished scholars from India and the world. Know More Research Focus Highest output for research and management thought leadership in India. Know More Quick Links FAQs FAQ Search ISB 360 Videos Contact Us Follow PGP Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  PGP FAQs | Post Graduate Programme in Management | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs PGP PGPpro PGPMAX FPM YLP MFAB LRC Mohali Campus Behavioural Lab Digitary HMP LIM MPMO Contact PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Faqs > Pgp FAQs PGP PGPpro PGPMAX FPM YLP MFAB LRC Mohali Campus Behavioural Lab Digitary HMP LIM MPMO PGP About the Post Graduate Programme in Management What is the PGP? Is the PGP similar to the Executive MBA programmes offered by several business schools? Does the PGP award an MBA degree? What are the concentrations being offered in the PGP? How many students will be admitted for PGP? Admissions Criteria What is the criterion for admission to the ISB Post Graduate Programme? GMAT / GRE Is there a cut-off score for the GMAT / GRE at the ISB? Is it mandatory to take the GMAT / GRE before applying to the ISB? Can I apply with a Test Centre/Unofficial GMAT /GRE Score Report? Does ISB require the IR score for evaluation? What is the validity period for a GMAT / GRE score? If I submit more than one GMAT / GRE score, which score will be considered by the ISB? How long does it take for the Official GMAT / GRE scores to reach ISB? Will I be considered for the deadline if I send my scores later? Can the GMAT / GRE requirement be waived under exceptional circumstances? English Proficiency Requirements Does ISB require a test to prove proficiency in English? Where would we get more information about TOEFL? What is the IELTS? Application Process Where do I get a copy of the application form? Does the entire application need to be completed within one session? Which deadline is it better to apply – Cycle 1 or Cycle 2? What percentage of seats are offered in each of the deadlines? Do I also need to submit a printed copy of the application form once I have submitted it online? How do I send in my academic transcripts/mark sheets, other documents and photographs required as part of the application? How can my referees submit their recommendation forms? How will the ISB verify my transcripts/documents? Can I reapply? Can I request for feedback on my previous application ? Do you acknowledge receipt of application by mail? How do I submit a resume as a part of the application? Interviews Do you have a GD/Personal Interview as part of the admission criteria? How many applicants are called for interview in Cycle-1 & Cycle-2 and how many selected? What will be the mode of my interview if I am overseas at the time of interview? Fees Can I pay the tuition fees in instalments? Are there different fee structures for Indian and International students? How do I accept the offer of admission? Is the admission fee separate from the overall academic fee? I have paid the admission fee but due to unavoidable circumstances, I will not be able to join the PGP programme. Will the admission fee be refunded to me? How much time do I have to accept or decline an admission offer? How can I pay the application fee? Can the admission offer acceptance date be extended? Financial Aid I fulfil the eligibility criteria but cannot afford the full tuition fee. Can the ISB help? What is the difference between tuition waivers and scholarships? Does the ISB offer financial aid to International students? What kinds of profiles usually get selected for scholarships? How can an applicant apply for a tuition waiver? When can one apply for an educational loan? Sponsorship Can I get a sponsorship from the company where I am working? Are there any other criteria to be fulfilled by the applicant for getting sponsorship from their employer? How does one apply to companies for sponsorships? Is there a different fee structure for sponsored students? Exchange Programme How many students normally go on Exchange Programmes? When do students go on Exchange Programmes? What are the selection criteria for the Exchange Programmes? How does the bidding process work? How do people manage possible time-clashes between the placement season and the Exchange Programme? Will all students admitted be allowed to participate in the exchange programmes? Internship Is there a summer internship at the ISB? If yes, how does it work? Placements When do the Placements start? Does the ISB guarantee placements? How was the placement scenario this year? Which are the companies that recruited this year? What was the average salary offered? Does ISB’s PGP enable career shifts across function & industry? Faculty What is the role of visiting faculty at the ISB? How accessible are the faculty to the students? Credentials Does AICTE/UGC recognise the ISB’s Post Graduation Programme in Management? Infrastructure & Facilities Are all students required to live on campus? Do you provide accommodation for married students? What all is provided in the accommodation? What are the facilities provided on campus? What is the procedure to visit the campus ? Reservations Do you have any quotas for NRI'S/SC/ST/BC? Will Indian and foreign applicants be evaluated on the same basis? Deferral Do you have a deferral policy in the ISB? I have been offered Admission into PGP. However, I would like to defer my admission to the following year. How can I do that? Is there an additional fee applicable, if I wish to defer my admission? Can the deferred admission be deferred for a further year? What would be the tuition applicable to me, if I wish to defer my admission? Will the admission fee/additional deposit be refundable, if I fail to join the programme, even after getting my admission deferred? Miscellaneous Will part-time work experience be considered? Is CA article-ship considered as work experience? Will Army service be considered as work experience? Do I need 16 years of formal education? How important are extra-curricular activities in the application Will I need to buy text books? Are there any schools for children in the vicinity of the ISB? Having done an MBA, am I eligible for the ISB programme? I hold a Master Mariner’s competency certificate. Will I be eligible for applying to the ISB? I have completed a three year diploma course but do not have an under-graduate degree. Am I eligible for the ISB Programme? I have a CABM certification in addition to an Undergrad degree. Is this going to be an added advantage in my application to the ISB? Early Entry Option What is the Early Entry Option? What is the criterion for admission to the Early Entry Option? What percentage of seats are offered through EEO? About the Post Graduate Programme in Management What is the PGP? The PGP refers to the ISB’s full-time one-year residential Post Graduate Programme in Management. The PGP is comparable in rigor and content to a regular two-year full-time MBA programme offered by global business schools. Is the PGP similar to the Executive MBA programmes offered by several business schools? No. As mentioned above, the Post Graduate Programme is similar in rigor and content to a regular two-year full-time MBA programme offered by global business schools. Does the PGP award an MBA degree? No. Unlike in other countries, degrees can only be awarded by universities in India. Back to top What are the concentrations being offered in the PGP? The concentrations offered can be viewed on our website at http://www.isb.edu/pgp/learning-model How many students will be admitted for PGP? We are planning to admit about 550 students for Hyderabad and 270 for Mohali. Back to top Admissions Criteria What is the criterion for admission to the ISB Post Graduate Programme? The eligibility criteria is: Students must possess an undergraduate (Bachelor's Degree)/post-graduate degree in any discipline A minimum of two years' full-time work experience (for the PGP regular admissions) and less than 24 months of full time work experience (for a deferred admission through the Early Entry Option) is preferred. A valid GMAT / GRE score TOEFL/IELTS score is required for students from countries other than India, where English is not the primary language of instruction All short-listed applicants will be interviewed as a part of the selection process Back to top GMAT / GRE Is there a cut-off score for the GMAT / GRE at the ISB? There is no cut-off score for the GMAT / GRE. Is it mandatory to take the GMAT / GRE before applying to the ISB ? Yes it is. The applicant has to take the GMAT / GRE and submit the score before sending in the application. Back to top Can I apply with a Test Centre score report of the GMAT / GRE? Yes, you can. The application can be submitted along with the test centre/unofficial score report. The official score report from Pearson VUE (GMAT) / ETS (GRE) should reach the ISB Admissions Team within three weeks of application submission. Does ISB require the IR score for evaluation? As Integrated Reasoning (IR) is a relatively recent section and not all our applicants have it, hence we are not considering IR score in the current year’s application process. What is the validity period for a GMAT / GRE score? GMAT / GRE scores are valid for 5 years. The score needs to be valid on the day of your enrolment in the ISB PGP Class, If I submit more than one GMAT / GRE score, which score will be considered by the ISB? The higher score would be considered, provided it is within the validity period of five years. Back to top How long does it take for the Official GMAT / GRE scores to reach ISB? It takes up to three weeks for the official scores to reach us. Will I be considered for the deadline if I send my GMAT / GRE scores later? You will not be allowed to submit your application without a valid GMAT / GRE score. However, you can submit the application with your test centre score report. Back to top Can the GMAT / GRE requirement be waived under exceptional circumstances? No. Back to top English Proficiency Requirements Does ISB require a test to prove proficiency in English? A TOEFL/IELTS score is required for non-Indian students who did not have english as the primary language of instruction during their undergraduate studies. Where would we get more information about TOEFL? Please visit their official web site www.toefl.org or write to toefl@ets.org What is the IELTS? IELTS is the International English Language Testing System. To know more about IELTS please visit their official website http://www.ielts.org Back to top Application Process Where do I get a copy of the application form? The ISB’s entire application process is available online and therefore no printed copy of the form is available /accepted. You will therefore need access to an internet enabled computer to apply to the programme. You will also need to scan some documents to be uploaded and will therefore need access to a scanner. Does the entire application need to be completed within one session? No. You can complete the online application in multiple sessions and have the option to save parts of the application as you proceed. Which deadline is better to apply - Cycle 1 or Cycle 2? We encourage everyone to apply early as it helps candidates to plan work & relocation arrangements. However, applying in either cycles doesn't have any material impact on your chances of selection. What percentage of seats are offered in each of the deadlines? About 50% of the seats are made available in each cycle. However, the number of offers we make is at the discretion of the School. Do I also need to submit a printed copy of the application form once I have submitted it online? No. We will not require you to send a printed copy of the application form. Back to top How do I send in my academic transcripts/mark sheets, other documents and photographs required as part of the application? You may scan and upload the documents (photograph, passport, etc.) in the PDF format as part of the application. How will the evaluators submit their recommendation forms? Evaluators can submit their evaluations either online or offline mode. Online evaluation is preferred and requires you to update the current official email ID in your online application form. We will forward the questionnaire to your evaluator as a web link. Alternatively on choosing the offline mode in the application form, the applicant is required to update the evaluator/s personal email ID. We will forward a questionnaire to your evaluator as an e-mail attachment with an upload link to fill in, scan and upload the completed form. How will the ISB verify my transcripts/documents? At the time of joining the programme, you will need to bring all the original documents with which we will verify the photocopies/scans with these originals. In addition, we also undertake background verification through an external vendor, once the offer is accepted by the applicant. Back to top Can I reapply? Yes. You can reapply. Please note that you cannot reapply within the same academic year. You have to submit a fresh online application along with the application fee and essays. An additional essay listing the changes in your profile from the last year is essential. However, it is important to show a significant overall improvement from the previous year in view of extreme intensity of competition. If you were an applicant in 2015-16, you will be able to use the same evaluations for your 2016-17 application also. You may do that by selecting the option available on the evaluator details page. However, it is always recommended to use fresh evaluations to get more insights into any of your recent initiatives, skill sets and changes in profile. Can I request for feedback on my previous application ? We provide feedback in writing only. In providing feedback to re-applicants and their success in joining ISB’s PGP, we found that focusing on the overall approach in your application is more helpful than analyzing specific details of a previous year’s application. Do you acknowledge receipt of application by mail? We convey the status of your application online. Do remember to check your application status. Back to top How do I submit a resume as a part of the application? There is no need for submitting a separate resume. The online application module will generate a resume in the required format with the details you have filled as part of the application. It includes your Academic details, Employment details (along with responsibilities/achievements) and awards & activities. Back to top Interviews Do you have a GD/Personal Interview as part of the admission criteria? As a part of the admission process, all short listed candidates will be interviewed. There is no group discussion How many applicants are called for interview in each cycle and how many selected? There is no fixed percentage of students being called by the ISB either for interviews or for admission. What will be the mode of my interview if I am overseas at the time of interview? You will be interviewed over telephone. You have to call the telephone number given in the interview mail sent to you. Back to top Fees Can I pay the tuition fees in instalments? Tuition fees can be paid in two instalments; however, the ISB allows a discount on fees paid one time in full. Are there different fee structures for Indian and International students? Currently the fee structure is the same for all students. How do I accept the offer of admission? You may accept the offer made by remitting a non-refundable admission fee of INR 250,000 within the deadline specified in the offer mail. If the amount has not been paid within the deadline, it will be assumed that the applicant is not interested in joining the programme. Back to top Is the admission fee separate from the overall academic fee? No, the Admission fee is part of the Academic fee. On accepting the Admission offer, the admit is initially required to pay a sum of Rs. 250,000/- as Admission fee. Please note that the admission fee is non-refundable. I have paid the admission fee but due to unavoidable circumstances I will not be able to join the programme. Will the admission fee be refunded to me? No. The admission fee once remitted is non-refundable. How much time do I have to accept or decline an admission offer? The ISB should receive your acceptance decision within 10 days from the date of the admission offer along with the admission fee. How can I pay the application fee? You may remit the application fee using any Master/Visa/credit card or through net banking. Can the admission offer acceptance date be extended? No. The acceptance dates are fixed by the Admissions Committee. If the acceptance amount is not received by the due date it will be assumed that the applicant is not interested in the programme and the offer made to the applicant will stand automatically withdrawn. Back to top Financial Aid I fulfil the eligibility criteria but cannot afford the full tuition fee. Can the ISB help? Financial Aid is provided to students in the form of tuition waivers, scholarships and loans. Tuition Waivers: The ISB awards both merit and need based tuition waivers to qualifying applicants ranging from INR 3,00,000 to full tuition. Details of these waivers will be indicated in the admission offer where applicable. Scholarships: The details of scholarships available to students are available on our website. Please visit the link for these details. Loans: Student loans are available through a few leading financial institutions. Please check the website for details. What is the difference between tuition waivers and scholarships? Tuition waivers are discounts on the tuition fee granted by the ISB and communicated in the admission offer while scholarships are generally granted by other organisations and dependent on your performance in the programme. Does the ISB offer financial aid to International students? The ISB does offer financial aid to qualifying International students through tuition waivers. Back to top What kinds of profiles usually get selected for scholarships? The selection criteria usually depend on the organisation granting the scholarship. The qualifying process is highly competitive and the selection criteria vary from year to year. How can an applicant apply for a tuition waiver? While there is no application needed for applying for a merit waiver, the applicant has to write the required essay given in the application form and submit proof of income as detailed in the application. When can one apply for an educational loan? Once the admission process has been completed, all admitted students will be informed of the loan application deadlines through a separate mail. Back to top Sponsorship Can I get a sponsorship from the company where I am working? Yes. Applicants are encouraged to get themselves sponsored by their employers. Are there any other criteria to be fulfilled by the applicant for getting sponsorship from their employer? No, there are no separate admission criteria for such candidates and the regular admission procedure will apply. How does one apply to companies for sponsorships? Each company has its own policies on sponsoring of high potential employees. It is up to you to ensure sponsorship from the company you are currently employed with. Back to top Is there a different fee structure for sponsored students? No. The fee structure and the selection criteria are universally applicable. Back to top Exchange Programme How many students normally go on Exchange Programmes? The number varies from year to year. Globally 42 business schools currently participate in the ISB Exchange Network. When do students go on Exchange Programmes? Students go on an exchange programmes depending upon the mutual schedules of the ISB and the concerned exchanged partner school; this period can range from one to two ISB elective terms, most often terms 7 and 8 although some students do go in terms 5 & 6. What are the selection criteria for the Exchange Programmes? The students are allotted bidding points which they use to bid for their preferred exchange programme. Back to top How does the bidding process work? Each student is allotted an equal number of bidding points. Each term students must apply their points towards particular courses and the highest bidder is enrolled in each course. Normally most students get a majority of the courses that they bid for. How do people manage possible time-clashes between the placement season and the Exchange Programme? Most students return during placement week to participate, while others manage their placements from overseas. Will all students admitted be allowed to participate in the exchange programmes? Yes. For more details please visit http://www.isb.edu/pgp/international-exchange and http://www.isb.edu/pgp/learning-model/inter-campus-exchange Back to top Internship Is there a summer internship at the ISB? If yes, how does it work? As The ISB has a one year Post Graduate programme, a summer internship is not possible. However, the ISB offers the Experiential Learning Programme (ELP) to benefit students interested in doing projects while on campus. For more on ELP please visit http://www.isb.edu/for-organisations/recruit/student-projects/experiential-learning-programme Back to top Placements When do the Placements start? Rolling Placements normally start in the second week of December every year. While a few international companies start coming in from November onwards, the final offers are made/decided only in the second week of January (Rolling Placement Start Day). Does the ISB guarantee placements? What are the placements for graduates of the ISB PGP likely to be? No. The ISB does not guarantee placements but every effort is made by the Career Advancement Services (CAS) Office to help students find and secure their ideal career opportunities. However, placements are a function of demand and supply and the CAS helps students manage their career expectations realistically. How was the placement scenario this year? Which are the companies that recruited this year? What was the average salary offered? The details for the placement for the Class of 2015 at Placement highlights . Does ISB’s PGP enable career shifts across function & industry? Yes, our PGP programme enables career shifts across function & industry. First step is student has to be clear on what they seek. This comes through personal preferences, aspirations, research etc. When you join our PGP, our Career Advancement Services (CAS) gives you the necessary inputs through workshops, psychometric analysis and one-on-one discussions for furthering your career aspirations. You will work with our L&D (Learning & Development) team so you are able to make informed decisions & prepare for the career you would like to embark upon. The case-study classroom and peer group interactions are also designed so that you can develop the skills and knowledge necessary to make the career transition you desire. It is crucial that the student take ownership for developing the required skills-set when employers come to recruit on campus. It is upto the student to convince the employer finally that they are the best fit for the roles they are applying. Back to top Faculty What is the role of visiting faculty at the ISB? The ISB invites faculty to teach a course during a term and they are available on campus throughout the term. Faculty from Wharton, Kellogg, London Business School, Stanford, Chicago, Duke, and Texas among others, have taught at the ISB. For more details please visit http://www.isb.edu/faculty-research/faculty/directory How accessible are the faculty to the students? Faculty members are easily accessible to the students, as they stay on campus throughout the term. Back to top Credentials Does AICTE/UGC recognise the ISB’s Post Graduation Programme in Management? The ISB neither offers a diploma nor a degree. It is a certificate programme for students with experience. Therefore, we have not sought recognition for our Post Graduate Programme in Management from either the AICTE or the UGC. However, ISB's PGP is accredited by the AACSB (Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business). Back to top Infrastructure & Facilities Are all students required to live on campus? Given the rigor of the course and The ISB’s aim to build a small but highly interactive campus community, it is a fully residential programme for all students. Do you provide accommodation for married students? We offer fully serviced studio apartment with preferential allotment to married students. However, your preferred type of accommodation cannot always be guaranteed, though every reasonable effort is made to address your specific requirements. What all is provided in the accommodation? Accommodation information can be found in http://www.isb.edu/pgp/campuses What is the procedure to visit the campus? We encourage prospective applicants to visit the campus at Mohali / Hyderabad and have a look at our facilities. Campus tours are organized on Tuesdays and Fridays during the office hours. Kindly schedule a confirmed appointment for a mutually convenient slot by mailing your request with a copy of your updated Curriculum Vitae/Resume to Team Admissions at pgp@isb.edu preferably a week in advance. Back to top What are the facilities provided on campus? The ISB provides the following facilities: ICICI Bank in Hyderabad and Indian Bank in Mohali Campus. ICICI and SBI ATMs in Hyderabad and Indian Bank ATM in Mohali Campus. Daily Needs store- MORE Infirmary – Branch of Apollo in Hyderabad and Max Wellness Centre in Mohali Recreation Centre – Equipped with Squash, Swimming pool, basket ball ground, Tennis, Table Tennis, Gymnasium, Toddler’s room etc. House Keeping Washing machines in addition to laundry service Please check the web site for further information http://www.isb.edu/about-isb/campuses Back to top Reservations Do you have any quotas for NRI'S/SC/ST/BC? No. We do not. However, the ISB encourages applications from candidates with diverse backgrounds. Will Indian and foreign applicants be evaluated on the same basis? Yes. Back to top Deferral Do you have a deferral policy in the ISB? Yes, we have a deferral policy in place. However, it is approved only in extenuating situations on a case to case basis. I have been offered Admission into PGP. However, I would like to defer my admission to the following year. How can I do that? You may send in a request along with reasons (including supporting documents) by email and it will be referred to the Admissions committee. A decision will be taken on a case to case basis and communicated to the applicant. Back to top Is there an additional fee applicable, if I wish to defer my admission? An additional interest free deposit of INR 250,000 need to be remitted within 10 days from the date deferral has been communicated Can the deferred admission be deferred for a further year? No, further deferral will not be possible. What would be the tuition applicable to me, if I wish to defer my admission? Tuition fee payable is as applicable to the class you will be enrolling for Back to top Will the admission fee/additional deposit be refundable, if I fail to join the programme, even after getting my admission deferred? The initial admission fee of INR 250,000 is non-refundable under any circumstances. However, the additional deposit is refundable. Back to top Miscellaneous Will part-time work experience be considered? Work experience should be full-time. Part-time work experience will not be considered. Is CA article-ship considered as work experience? While the article-ship will add value to the exposure, it is unfortunate that it will not be considered as work experience for admission. Will Army service be considered as work experience? Yes, your work experience will be viewed in the context of the responsibilities you have handled. I have worked in my family owned business for the past three years – will this experience be considered? If this experience is full-time and if you can support this with relevant documents in your application, you can apply. The quality and relevance of your experience in your business will be critical. You will still have to furnish recommendations. Recommendations from your father, friends and family will not be accepted. You should furnish recommendation from people with whom you have a strictly professional interaction like your clients, vendors etc. Back to top Do I need 16 years of formal education? No, as long as you have been awarded a Bachelor's Degree from a recognised university, you are eligible to apply How important are extra-curricular activities in the application? The ISB would like to admit well-rounded students. Extra-curricular activities add that extra dimension to your personality. In the US it is routine for people to do community service, which they can mention as an extra-curricular activity in their applications. But Indian conditions are different, so not having done such activities is understandable. However, if you look deep down, you may find some things that you may have been doing. Did you tutor a kid anytime, did you organize a festival in your apartment complex, did you volunteer your time in some campaign or raise funds for some cause, etc.? If you haven't done anything at all, it's never too late to start. Don't do it just to get your B-school admission, but do what interests you. If you are in the IT area, think of something related to IT that you can do after office hours. How about persuading your company to donate their obsolete computers to charity? The possibilities are endless. Will I need to buy text books? Although most study material is included in the course packs, periodically you will need to buy text books for various courses. The expenditure on text books for the programme is estimated at INR 15,000 - INR 20,000. Back to top Are there any schools for children in the vicinity of the ISB? Yes. There are a number of schools around the ISB. More information is available upon request. Having done an MBA, am I eligible for the ISB programme? There is no restriction in applying to our Programme but you should demonstrate very good reasons in your application for wanting to do the PGP from the ISB. I hold a Master Mariner’s competency certificate. Will I be eligible for applying to the ISB? Yes, you will be. However, you will need to obtain a certificate from World Education Services ( http://www.wes.org ) to the effect that your certificate course is equivalent of a Bachelor’s Degree. Back to top I have completed a three year diploma course but do not have an under-graduate degree. Am I eligible for the ISB Programme? The eligibility criterion at the ISB requires all students to have an undergraduate degree. If your diploma is considered to be equivalent to a degree by the appropriate authorities then it will be acceptable otherwise not. I have a CABM certification in addition to an Undergrad degree. Is this going to be an added advantage in my application to the ISB? We recognise the CABM Credential as an additional qualification and could help with the shortlist for the interview. Back to top Early Entry Option What is the Early Entry Option? The Early Entry Option is deferred admission offer to the ISB PGP. What is the criterion for admission to the Early Entry Option? The eligibility criteria are: Students must possess an undergraduate (Bachelor's Degree)/post-graduate degree in any discipline Less than 24 months of post qualification work experience by March 31 A valid GMAT / GRE score TOEFL/IELTS score is required for students from countries other than India, where English is not the primary language of instruction All short-listed applicants will be interviewed as a part of the selection process What percentage of seats are offered through EEO? We don't reveal these numbers. SHARE THIS PAGE Quick Links Programmes Faculty Directory Research Directory Learning Resource Centre Contact Us Follow ISB Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  Core Courses | Full time Courses | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs Contact PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Pgp > Learning Model > Corecourses Post Graduate Programme in Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Peer Group Student Connect Careers Admissions International Applicants Fees and Financing Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme Core Courses Core courses are taught in the first three terms of the post graduate programme in management each core term comprises a full-time course load of 4-5 subjects. The core courses taught at ISB include the basics of finance, strategy, marketing, operations and IT management. These courses are taught by outstanding resident faculty and faculty visiting from international business schools. The following core courses are being offered in the academic year 2016-17: COURSE TITLE HYDERABAD MOHALI Term 1: April 25 - June 05, 2016 FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING AND DECISION MAKING K R Subramanyam , Marshall School of Business, University of Southern California Partha Mohan Ram , Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto Hariom Manchiraju , ISB Mark Finn , Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS Amit Bubna, Independent Faculty Member Sisir Debnath , ISB Shilpa Aggarwal , ISB Tarun Jain , ISB MARKETING MANAGEMENT Sudhir Voleti , ISB Ashish Sood , A. Gary Anderson Graduate School of Management, University of California, Riverside Siddharth Singh , ISB Rajdeep Grewal , Kenan-Flagler Business School, University of North Carolina Jason Riis , The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania STATISTICAL METHODS FOR MANAGEMENT DECISIONS Sarang Deo , ISB Robert Stine , The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Manasa Mandava , ISB Richard Waterman , The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Term 2: June 06 - July 17, 2016 COMPETITIVE STRATEGY Naga Lakshmi Damaraju , ISB Jaya Dixit , ISB Balaji Koka , Jones Graduate School of Management, Rice University Prashant Kale , Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management, Rice University Akbar Zaheer , Carlson School of Management, University of Minnesota DECISION MODELS AND OPTIMISATION Sumit M Kunnumkal , ISB Anjani Jain , Yale School of Management Achal Bassamboo , Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University Ziv Katalan , The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Chaithanya Bandi , Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University GLOBAL ECONOMICS Christopher House , University of Michigan Mariano Massimiliano Croce , Kenan-Flagler Business School, University of North Carolina Krishna B Kumar , RAND Corporation Anusha Chari , The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Amartiya Lahiri , Vancouver School of Economics, University of British Columbia MARKETING DECISION MAKING Pradeep Bhardwaj , College of Business Administration, University of Central Florida, Orlando S Sajeesh , Zicklin School of Business, City University of New York Srinivasan Swaminathan , LeBow College of Business Suman Ann Thomas , ISB S Sajeesh , Zicklin School of Business, City University of New York TERM 3: July 18 - August 28, 2016 CORPORATE FINANCE I Venkat Subramaniam , A. B. Freeman School of Business, Tulane University Omesh Kini , J. Mack Robinson College of Busines N R Prabhala , Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland N K Chidambaran , ?Gabelli School of Business, Fordham University Bhagwan Chowdhry , Anderson School of Management, UCLA Simi Kedia , Rutgers School of Business, The state university of New Jersey MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING AND DECISION MAKING Shiva Sivaramakrishnan , Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business, Rice University Swaminathan Sridharan , Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University Sudarshan Jayaraman , Simon School of Business, University of Rochester Ramji Balakrishnan , Henry B. Tippie College of Business - The University of Iowa Nandu Nagarajan, College of Business, University of Texas at Arlington MANAGEMENT OF ORGANIZATIONS Stefan Thau , INSEAD James Schmidtke , Sid Craig School of Business, California State University Fresno Prasad Balkundi , School of Management, University at Buffalo, State University of New York Marko Pitesa , Lee Kong Chian School of Business, Singapore Management University Luis L Martins , McCombs School of Business, The University of Texas at Austin OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT Aditya Jain, Zicklin School of Business, Baruch College, City University of New York (CUNY) Saravanan Kesavan , Kenan Flagler Business School,University of North Carolina Sripad K Devalkar , ISB LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT E S Srinivas , XLRI, Jamshedpur Amit Nandkeolyar , ISB Jitendera Singh , XLRI, Jamshedpur Sushanta Kumar Mishra, Indian Institute of Management Indore S Ramnarayan , ISB Leena Chatterjee, Indian Institute of Management Calcutta TERM 4: AUGUST 29 - OCTOBER 02, 2016 (CORE COURSES - CROSS OVER TERM) CORPORATE FINANCE II Prachi Deuskar , ISB Ramabhadran Thirumalai , ISB Shashwat Alok , ISB Suren Mansinghka , Independent Faculty Member Ravi Jain , NUS Business School, National University of Singapore Ramana Sonti, ISB RESPONSIBLE LEADERSHIP Sreedhari Desai , Kenan-Flagler Business School, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill David De Cremer , Judge Business School, University of Cambridge Harris Sondak , School of Business, University of Utah BUSINESS COMMUNICATION Girish Manimaran , Stillwater Consulting TBD Kanishka Sinha , Stillwater Consulting SHARE THIS PAGE Download Mobile App ISB 360 Android App ISB 360 iOS App ISB 360 BlackBerry App Take Action Read the Blog Apply Now Request Brochure Attend an Info Session Campus Visit ISB Advantage The India Edge Strong focus on business in India and other emerging economies. Know More World-class Campuses Two state-of-the-art, fully residential campuses, at Hyderabad and Mohali. Know More Global Accreditation First business school in South Asia to be accredited by AACSB. Know More Unique Associations Academic alliances with global B-schools Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More Outstanding Faculty Distinguished scholars from India and the world. Know More Research Focus Highest output for research and management thought leadership in India. Know More Quick Links FAQs FAQ Search ISB 360 Videos Contact Us Follow PGP Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  Weekend EMBA | Executive MBA | Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals (PGPpro) | Indian School of Business (ISB) Skip to Main Content Area Search this site Home About Media Alumni Jobs Support FAQs Contact The PGPpro at the ISB combines learning rigour with the ease of setting the pace of your learning Rajendra Srivastava, Dean and Novartis Professor of Marketing Strategy & Innovation, ISB The curriculum at the PGPpro exposes you to the most relevant aspects of business Dishan Kamdar, Deputy Dean - Programmes and Professor of Organisational Behaviour, ISB Designed for the 'mid-career' working professionals and business owners Gain valuable insights from faculty members sharing cutting-edge management concepts PROGRAMMES Post Graduate Programme In Management Learning Model Learning Goals Core Courses Specialisations and Electives Elective Courses Hyderabad Elective Courses Mohali Practicum Courses Leadership Development Programme International Exchange Exchange Network Outbound exchange Inbound exchange Inter-campus Exchange Academic Calendar Student Life Student Clubs Initiatives Competitions Social Life Graduate Student Association Campuses Hyderabad Mohali Peer Group Class Profile Student Profiles Student Connect Careers Career Services Career Progression Placement Highlights Placement Trends Recruiting Companies Placement Process Entrepreneurship & Family Business Admissions Admission Calendar Admission Prerequisites Selection Criteria Admission Events Re-applicants Apply Online International Applicants Why India? The ISB Advantage Admissions Scholarships Fees and Financing Programme Expenses Scholarships Loans Early Entry Option Young Leaders Programme A one-year programme, ideal for working professionals who want to enhance their careers without a long hiatus from work. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme In Management For Senior Executives Programme Overview Admissions Peer Group Fees and Financing Corporate Sponsorship An Executive-MBA level programme, targeted at high-calibre senior executives, with 10 to 25 years of managerial experience. APPLY NOW Fellow Programme In Management Programme Overview Student profiles Campus Life Placements and Careers Admissions Fees and Financing Candidates on Job Market News and Events A fully-funded programme, aimed to groom promising young researchers to be innovative problem solvers and thinkers. APPLY NOW Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business Programme Overview Class Profile International Immersion Admissions Programme Fee Alumni Privileges A comprehensive general management programme for young family business scions to help take their business forward. APPLY NOW Executive Education Open Programmes Long Duration Programmes Custom Programmes Inside India Alumni GS10KWomen A mixture of short and long-duration programmes that are designed for senior executives with a high potential for leadership. SELECT PROGRAMME Pin FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty Faculty Directory Honours and Achievements Teaching Awards (Yr 2013 - 2016) Teaching Awards (Yr 2001 - 2013) Faculty Recruitment Area Leaders Programme Leaders Research, teaching interests and other information about ISB faculty members. Research Research Directory Published Papers Working Papers Books and Monographs Cases Conference Proceedings Reports Others Comprehensive listing of intellectual contributions by ISB faculty, Centres and Institutes. Centres Of Excellence Centre for Analytical Finance Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre for Learning and Management Practice Srini Raju Centre For IT and The Networked Economy Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise Centres connect industry and academia to advance education, research and outreach in key areas. Institutes Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Institutes develop talent and deepen research based knowledge in specialised verticals. Initiatives/Resources The Media Hub Statistical Lab Behavioural Lab Learning Resource Centre Technology Entrepreneurship Programme Post Doctoral Programme Initiative for Emerging Market Studies Research support that makes for a vibrant research environment for its community. Pin EVENTS Event Type Admission Events Competitions Conferences Group Visits Industry Events Research Seminars Social Events Speaker Sessions Visitors Workshops Pin For Organisations Access Talent Student Projects Campus Placements Alumni Recruitment Avenues to access top-notch talent for your organisation. Train Full-time Programme Part Time Programme Inside India Programme Invest in continuing learning for your employees through an array of programmes. Collaborate Research Case Studies Joint Programmes Explore the possibility of collaborating on research with ISB faculty or centres. Sponsor Research Student Initiatives Events Build your brand while also investing in learning and knowledge initiatives at the school. Stay Connected Newsletters Social Media Contact Information Subscribe to our publications; follow us on social media, or just write/ call us.. Pin Home > Post Graduate Programme In Management For Working Professionals What is PGPpro? Who is it for? Why PGPpro? Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals Programme Overview Peer Group Admissions Fees and Financing A weekend Executive-MBA programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. APPLY NOW What is PGPpro? The Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals (PGPpro) is a Weekend Executive MBA equivalent programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of midcareer working professionals. The programme allows professionals to gain deep strategy and leadership insights, specialise in either Finance or Marketing, enhance their decision-making abilities as well as strengthen managerial skills. Programme Highlights Offered in Delhi (NCR) and Hyderabad: This programme is the first programme from ISB to be offered outside its campus locations. There is no need to travel to ISB campuses - get the ISB experience at your doorstep. Campus Visits: Two weeks of classes are held on ISB campuses - one week at Mohali and one week at Hyderabad International Week: Participants also have the opportunity for one international immersion in an Asian country Blended learning: An effective mix of synchronous/ asynchronous online learning combined with majority of learning in the classroom Convenient Format: Classes are held on alternate weekends (Sat & Sun) and online modules for a few hours in the intervening weeks. No need to take leave from work Options for Specialisation*: The programme has a strategy and leadership focus with one additional area of specialisation in either Finance or Marketing * A specialisation may not be offered if the enrolment for a specialisation is less than 25% of the enrolled students. Who is it for? The programme is ideal for people who possess the following attributes. Ambition Individuals with the desire for success and motivation to undertake rigorous study to help them consolidate their career or business for enhanced growth. Mid-Career Professionals/Entrepreneurs PGPpro is targeted at ‘mid-career’ working professionals and business owners, with 5 to 12 years of work experience. They desire to consolidate their functional career in the immediate future and aspire to go on to senior management roles thereafter. Diverse work profile The programme is suitable for individuals from diverse backgrounds having unique professional experiences. Working professionals and Entrepreneurs from innovative start-ups to multinational companies will benefit from the programme. Diversity leads to new thinking, innovation and creativity. Individuals from varied functions and range of industries will gain and also have the opportunity to apply the learning at work. Busy Schedules The PGPpro is ideal for busy professionals who have execution responsibilities and demanding schedules. Why PGPpro? PGPpro gives participants a chance to learn from outstanding faculty from the best B-schools in the world at no opportunity cost or travel cost. There are several advantages of this programme: World Class Faculty The School offers a combination of outstanding resident faculty and visiting faculty from partner schools and other top global B-schools. They have extensive teaching, research and industry background and work towards bringing the latest management practice to classroom learning. Participants gain valuable insights as faculty members share cutting-edge management concepts, global industry trends, business practices and their own practical knowledge to classroom. Classroom-based Learning Participants get the opportunity to be back in classroom with an exceptional group of individuals and to be taught by the finest faculty. Classroom learning is facilitated by faculty teachings and peer experiences. Classes are held in Delhi (NCR) and Hyderabad on every alternate weekend (Saturday and Sunday) at the ISB’s designated centres along with visit to ISB’s Hyderabad and/or Mohali campus. Peer Group Learning The programme office aims to craft a class of extraordinary individuals from diverse professional backgrounds possessing similar outlook and aspirations. Peer learning is an important component of classroom experience. Participants learn and contribute to each other’s experience, discover new perspectives and gain understanding of diverse functions, industries and organisational practices. Expand your Network Network is one of the most valuable features in your professional journey. PGPpro participants get full ISB alumni status and join a global network of 7500 plus professionals across 43 countries. They form strong relationships for life and gain academically, professionally and personally. Alumni reach out to each other for advice and support. The benefits are countless as common connections are formed with individuals having similar backgrounds, goals and aspirations. Online Component The programme has a small online component in each course that allows greater convenience and flexibility. The online parts are interspersed between classroom sessions for effective learning. No Opportunity Cost Participants do not incur loss of income as they continue to be employed. Convenience Participants attend the programme in their own city in a combination of classroom and online sessions. Since there is no relocation involved or extended travel, there is minimal disruption of personal life. The programme requires very few days away from work. Participants have further flexibility of attending missed sessions in other cities where PGPpro is underway. SHARE THIS PAGE Take Action Download Brochure Attend an Info-session Apply Now FAQS Contact Us Follow Us Member ISB Advantage The India Edge Strong focus on business in India and other emerging economies. Know More World-class Campuses Two state-of-the-art, fully residential campuses, at Hyderabad and Mohali. Know More Global Accreditation First business school in South Asia to be accredited by AACSB. Know More Unique Associations Academic alliances with global B-schools Kellogg, Wharton, LBS, MIT Sloan and Fletcher. Know More Outstanding Faculty Distinguished scholars from India and the world. Know More Research Focus Highest output for research and management thought leadership in India. Know More Atrium Library Campus Mail Policies Terms & Conditions Sitemap "
  One year MBA at Indian School of Business: PGP - Oneyearmba.co.in Trending Accreditation Can’t Beat Prejudice: Full Time MBA Status For IIMI’s EPGP Edited Out How To Grab An Investment Banking Summer Analyst Job At Goldman Sachs GMAT: Myth & Reality IIM I’s 1 Year MBA Only Course To Bag Full Time MBA Accreditation By AMBA, UK Why Do US Students Go Abroad For MBA? Why Do IITians Prefer MBA to M.Tech? Navigate Home Admissions Consulting Forum Register One Year MBA in India News Guest article One on One – The Interview Entrepreneurship Founder’s Desk Featured October 15, 2016 0 IIM I’s 1 Year MBA Only Course To Bag Full Time MBA Accreditation By AMBA, UK Recent October 15, 2016 0 IIM I’s 1 Year MBA Only Course To Bag Full Time MBA Accreditation By AMBA, UK October 14, 2016 0 Why Do US Students Go Abroad For MBA? October 13, 2016 0 Why Do IITians Prefer MBA to M.Tech? GMAT Bloggers LOGIN You are at: Home » One year MBA at Indian School of Business: PGP One year MBA at Indian School of Business: PGP Indian School of Business (ISB) August 24, 2016 0 ISB, NUS, Tsinghua Students Team Up For Global Learning Opportunity Even in times of “global markets”, local needs come into play and three business schools in India, Singapore and China… August 8, 2016 ISB Curriculum Crafted To Provide Practical Industry Applications, Says Dean Rajendra Srivastava August 2, 2016 ISB To Start Accepting GRE Scores For Admission For Class Of 2018 June 11, 2016 My ISB Experience Click for all news from Indian School of Business CLASS PROFILE Placements ELIGIBILITY A Bachelor’s degree in any discipline. Preferably two years of full-time work experience after graduation. Exceptional candidates, with less work experience, will be considered for deferred admission. GMAT score TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score , only if language of instruction during undergraduate education was not English. Institution Code for ISB for different tests system GMAT TOEFL IELTS N2DJ501 9047 There is NO Institution code for ISB. Candidates need to fill in the entire name and address of ISB in the space provided PGP Admissions Office Indian School of Business Gachibowli Hyderabad-500 032, India Ph +91 40 2318 7474 Fax +91 40 2300 7099 APPLICATION & SELECTION PROCESS ISB considers a number of factors for admission: LEADERSHIP POTENTIAL Applicants who have consistently demonstrated an ability to take up initiatives in their work or academic life are encouraged to apply. This is assessed through recommendations or references you provide in the application. You must include recent recommendations from the current workplace, preferably from the direct supervisor. While most of you may not have had a chance to demonstrate leadership skills at the public level, so initiatives at work or in personal life will help the Admissions Committee assess your potential. DIVERSITY The ISB welcomes diversity in all forms like work experience, educational background, nationality among others. But above all, the School values the quality of the work experience you have gained against the number of years you have worked in a certain sector. ACADEMIC BACKGROUND/ANALYTICAL ABILITY The Post Graduate Programme (PGP) at ISB is rigorous. The one-year duration makes it even more challenging. Therefore, the evaluation keenly considers your academic performance. However, ISB does not restrict candidates by “cut off” criteria. They also assess analytical ability based on the GMAT score. While a good GMAT score helps, ISB does not have a cut off for the GMAT. An average score, for instance, can be compensated by achievements in other areas. Work Experience The School prefers applicants with at least two years of work experiences. However, exceptional candidates with lesser experience will be considered for a deferred admission. Application fee The application fee to apply for the programme is INR 3,371 {(INR 3,000 + Service Tax of INR 371) (approximately USD 60)}. The fee needs to remitted only at the time of submitting an application through a credit card or internet banking. Debit Card will not be accepted. The application fee for Re-applicants is INR 1,124 {(INR 1,000 + Service Tax INR 124)} (approximately equivalent of US $ 20). Application cycle COURSE COMMENCEMENT: Each year the course begins in April Early entry option What is the early entry option? Early Entry Option for ISB’s PGP, allows fresh graduates with less than 2 years of work experience to apply to the ISB’s Post Graduate Programme in Management. The candidate selected through EEO, will secure a deferred admission to the one-year Post Graduate Programme (PGP) at ISB, contingent upon completion of 24 months of work experience at the time of joining the programme. Young Leaders Programme What is YLP? THE YOUNG LEADERS PROGRAMME (YLP) at the Indian School of Business (ISB) helps undergraduate students gain a fresh perspective in management studies. This course makes you eligible for guaranteed admission to the one year Post Graduate Programme (PGP) at ISB, contingent upon completion of 21 months of work experience. The YLP programme accelerates career growth during the two pre-PGP years vide structured, cutting edge learning and mentorship programmes. It concludes with admission into the ISB’s well established PGP in Management. PROGRAMME FEE Fee Structure for PGP 2013-14 PARTICULARS AMOUNT IN INDIAN RUPEES Shared Accommodation Studio Accommodation Admission Fee –non refundable 2,00,000 2,00,000 Tuition Fees-Payable on or before the date of registration 17,44,000 17,44,000 Living Fees 1,68,000 2,79,000 Onetime fee for ISB Alumni for use of ISB Library & Recreation Centre 3000 3000 Total Fees 2,115,000 2,226,000 Add: Service Tax at prevailing rate (Present rate 12.36%) *3 261,414 275,134 Total Fees 2,376,414 2,501,134 ISB Alumni Association Membership Fee 15,000 15,000 Interest free Refundable Security Deposit 15,000 15,000 Total Payable 2,406,414 2,531,134 Bank Account It is mandatory to open an account with ICICI Bank to facilitate transactions with the ISB. Please open an SB account with branch on campus on the day of registration, if you do not have an account with them (at any other branch) already. Medical Insurance Premium for Group Medical Insurance for Students and their dependents at campus is mandatory and has to be paid in addition to other fees and charges at the time of registration. The premium will depend on the age and number of dependents. Please check the Medical Insurance section for details. Other Estimated Expenses for PGP 2014-15 per Student PARTICULARS APPROXIMATE AMOUNT IN INDIAN RUPEES Books 20,000 Laptop 50,000 Meal Plans 100,000 Total: 1,70,000 Psychometric Profiling Tests Are Useful For: (choose one most appropriate answer) Deciding your career stream Deciding your MBA specialisation Self-improvement Convincing recruiters Useless Your E-Mail ID vote Most Read News Today Accreditation Can’t Beat Prejudice: Full Time MBA Status For IIMI’s EPGP Edited Out Rs 1.38 Crore Highest Salary: PGPX Beats PGP Hollow At IIM A 2015 Placements 16 lakh salary good for a 21 year old? A surprising answer on Quora Rs 1.1 Cr International, Rs 56 Lakh Domestic: the ‘High’ at IIM A PGPX 2014 Outlook’s 2014 Ranking of Best B-Schools for a One Year MBA IIM I’s 1 Year MBA Only Course To Bag Full Time MBA Accreditation By AMBA, UK IIM Bangalore launches 2015 one year MBA class IIM B vs IIM C vs ISB – Which one is right for you? GMAT vs CAT – the differences laid bare Tags AMBA Entrepreneurship EPGP Executive MBA France Full time MBA GMAT Great lakes Harvard IIM IIM A IIM Ahmedabad IIM B IIM Bangalore IIM C IIM Calcutta IIM I IIM Indore IIM L IIM Lucknow Indian school of business INSEAD, France IPMX ISB Masters in Business Management Masters in Management MBA MBA ranking MIM One year MBA one year MBA at IIM One year MBA at IIMs One year MBA in Europe One year MBA in India One year MBA in USA Oxford Said PGP PGPEX PGPM PGPX Placements Research Startups UK XLRI Founder's Desk April 7, 2015 0 Shikhar Mohan: 5 Reasons Behind the ‘Headlines with Numbers’ Epidemic March 29, 2015 3 IIN Grad Leaves IIM & IIT Grads in Dust – Bags Rs 1 Crore Domestic Salary at E-commerce Major February 28, 2015 0 A Golden Ticket to Creativity: Shikhar Mohan on ‘Cracking the Creativity Code’ LOGIN WITH About The World's No.1 Resource For News And Guidance on One Year MBA Programmes Most Commented December 5, 2013 121 IIM B vs IIM C vs ISB – Which one is right for you? October 2, 2014 104 Outlook’s 2014 Ranking of Best B-Schools for a One Year MBA September 28, 2013 52 The basics of One year full time MBA in India #7 – One year MBA vs two year pgp August 31, 2013 44 The basics of a One year MBA in India #1 – Executive MBA? No. India’s first globally accepted MBA? Yes. FIND US ON FACEBOOK About Advertise Contact Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Disclaimer {""enable-exit-intent-popup"":""true"",""cookie-duration"": "popup-selector"":""#popup-box-sxzw-2"",""popup-class"":""popupally-opened-sxzw-2"",""cookie-name"":""popupally-cookie-2"",""close-trigger"":"".popup-click-close-trigger-2""} Stay in touch! Signup and get updates directly in your mail! "
  IIM B vs IIM C vs ISB - Which one is right for you? - Oneyearmba.co.in Trending Accreditation Can’t Beat Prejudice: Full Time MBA Status For IIMI’s EPGP Edited Out How To Grab An Investment Banking Summer Analyst Job At Goldman Sachs GMAT: Myth & Reality IIM I’s 1 Year MBA Only Course To Bag Full Time MBA Accreditation By AMBA, UK Why Do US Students Go Abroad For MBA? Why Do IITians Prefer MBA to M.Tech? Navigate Home Admissions Consulting Forum Register One Year MBA in India News Guest article One on One – The Interview Entrepreneurship Founder’s Desk Featured October 15, 2016 0 IIM I’s 1 Year MBA Only Course To Bag Full Time MBA Accreditation By AMBA, UK Recent October 15, 2016 0 IIM I’s 1 Year MBA Only Course To Bag Full Time MBA Accreditation By AMBA, UK October 14, 2016 0 Why Do US Students Go Abroad For MBA? October 13, 2016 0 Why Do IITians Prefer MBA to M.Tech? GMAT Bloggers LOGIN You are at: Home » One year MBA around the world » One year MBA in India » IIM Ahmedabad » IIM B vs IIM C vs ISB – Which one is right for you? IIM B vs IIM C vs ISB – Which one is right for you? 121 By admin on December 5, 2013 · IIM Ahmedabad , IIM Bangalore , IIM Calcutta , Indian School of Business (ISB) Admission season is in full flow in India and many students who have multiple admits are confused about which MBA programme to pursue. To help matters, we explore a common situation – deciding between the One year full time MBA courses at IIM A (PGPX), IIM B (EPGP), IIM C (PGPEX) and ISB ( PGP). The choice of which school you go to is completely dependent on your own dreams and aspirations and your own unique profile so we do not intend to share a recommendation. However, we felt that sharing information could aid prospective students in conducting their own analysis of which business school is right for them. MDI 1 Year MBA Admissions Open Disha Chhabra, an alumni of the PGPEX programme (Class of 2013) shares information on the three programmes. Note: IIM Indore’s EPGP, IIM Lucknow’s IPMX , XLRI’s GMP and some other business schools which are pertinent to the discussion are not included in the analysis currently. We may add these schools to the article at a later date. By Disha Chhabra Admission time is back again. Like every year, a lot of lucky folks have received multiple calls from IIM A,IIM B, IIM C and ISB etc and are in a serious dilemma. It is a tough choice to make – a problem of plenty. But it is also one of the most important decisions of your life and it is natural to talk to people around and research the options before making this call. Thanks to my book that traces the lives of students pursuing a one year MBA in India – My Beloved’s MBA Plans ; off late, a lot of people have approached me seeking my advice on choosing one among the four business schools. I may not be a subject matter expert and by no means do I intend to make this choice for you. With this post, I will try to present facts to the best of my ability and knowledge, based on my understanding and what I would have done if I had been facing a similar choice. What follows is my personal opinion and your opinion may vary depending on what is the key decision making criterion for you. So, I would like to keep this post as factual as possible. First, if IIM A appeared in my list of choices, I would not have evaluated any of the other options. IIM A is the biggest brand in management education in India by a fair margin. The PGPX course from IIM A stands out in terms of its batch profile, brand value and global ranking (No. 11 in 2012 and No. 26 in 2013 in the Financial Times Global MBA ranking). So you are lucky if you get a chance to be there. 1 Year MBA At MDI - Dec 21 Deadline Now, coming to IIM B, IIM C, ISB, I am trying to do a factual comparison on some of the key decision making parameters. All the data has been either pulled from the college’s website or research papers on the topic: Criterion IIM B (EPGP) IIM C (PGPEX) ISB (PGP) Significance Batch size 63 50 770 The smaller batch strength is an advantage both in terms of better student-faculty interaction as well as when it comes to placing students.This is inline with the higher work-ex requirements at IIMs as senior slots in industry are fewer.IIM B and IIM C, are similar as far as their batch strength is concerned.In general, IIM C is known to have a more diverse profile compared to IIM B which tends to have a higher number of engineers. Avg. GMAT 695 705 710 The batch profile is important because of several reasons:1. Seeing this, one can gauge where one will stand among the peers if selected. 2.This is presented to the industry during placements and helps companies decide if a particular campus is suited for the openings they have. Avg. work experience 9.5 8 5 Branding Fairly active Not so active Aggressive & well known for its PR! For a relatively new course (the one year MBA started close to a decade back in India) branding is extremely crucial. The industry needs to know and reminded of the USPs of one year courses – the only globally accredited MBA courses in India .Prospective aspirants have to take huge risks and have several questions in their mind. Branding and PR plays a important role in ensuring good roles on graduation.ISB is a clear winner on this front. Over the last few years, its info sessions across the country, industry connect activities, competitions have all ensured ISB is the first brand people think of when someone says one year MBA. Class room contact hours IIM C and IIM B – 800 to 900 hours, ISB – 680-700 hours Gives a sense of the pressure you will face. IIMs tend to cram in more learning which has both advantages and disadvantages Faculty The faculty at IIM B and IIM C have been teaching the two-year PGP students for a long long time. They also have experience conducting Management Development Programmes (courses lasting a week or less for experienced professionals) and so understand difference between teaching freshers in PGP vs the students in a one year course. While the faculty at IIM B is known for their marketing courses, IIM C has finance oriented faculty.Coming to ISB, it has most of its faculty coming from several international reputed B-schools and hence brings with them a new dimension of international exposure in the class-room learning. Unlike business education in India which till date has been focused on the PGP ( accredited globally as a Masters in Management meant for freshers ), faculty abroad is used to teaching an MBA level audience. ISB benefits from this. Course Alignment Known for marketing More analytics and numbers driven No such known area of focus This can help you decide based on the function you want to get into. If you aspire to be a marketing guru, choose IIM B.If you love numbers, go to IIM C (which boasts of India’s only fully-equipped finance lab). Fees 23 Lac 18 Lac 25 Lac The fees can be a big differentiating factor on the affordability front and in terms of an immediate ROI calculation Accommodation and other facilities Students stay outside the main campus and miss the fun of campus life.But Bangalore being a great city, amenities are not likely to be of any problem. Beautiful campus! Situated on the out-skirts of the city and good medical facilities outside remain a cause of concern. A new hostel is under construction with better amenities for students. Amenities best so far in India!On the outskirts of Hyderabad, Mohali A big factor for people planning to move in with families. Other avenues of personal development Not much at IIMs. Students do not indulge much in other activities and tend to be mostly academically focused. ISB scores here with a plethora of activities the students indulge in. Students party hard here! Entrepreneurship Thinking of doing something on your own post the MBA? Don’t even think twice! Go join ISB! IIM B and IIM C also have one off courses on entrepreneurship, but those are a grounding in entrepreneurship in name only.The entrepreneurship cell is also not that well developed.Many students coming out of ISB develop good business models and head to their own business instead of a job. IIMs tend to train you to be great managers but not great entrepreneurs. Placements While for many applicants, this remains ‘the most important criterion’ for selecting a B-school and tend to look at the immediate placements after the college to evaluate such an important degree, ideally this should not be the case.When it comes to IIM B and IIM C, they are at par with respect to placements. IIM B has a definite locational advantage being centrally located in the city of Bangalore, India’s IT hub.From whatever I understand, IIM-B is more adapted and geared towards placing people in the IT/ITES sector.IIM C shares an advantage for the manufacturing background folks as one of its other flagship course (PGPEX-VLM) attracts many hard core manufacturing firms.Having said that, most good companies visit both these colleges and recruit.On the other hand, ISB has such a huge batch strength that while the top 10% students get the best of jobs, the bottom 30-40% tend to struggle. At ISB, given the lower work experience of the class, similar to the situation in the PGP courses at IIMs, recruiters often rely on performance in the course as an indicator of future potential. At IIMs, extensive past performance of the candidate is seen as a better indicator of capability and marks take a backseat. The numbers: Average CTC in 2013 at ISB (middle 80%) – Rs 17,41,081 , at IIM C – Rs 19,73,000 , at IIM B – RS 26,18,186 An honest suggestion: a lot of us tend to attach too much importance to the numbers given in their placement reports. Numbers are subject to interpretation and hence my sincere and honest advice is not to rely too much on these. Ed – Also, no student gets the average CTC – its a notional number. The range is more important which can typically vary between 12 lakhs to anywhere upto 50 lakhs (domestic). Your number of years of experience has a bearing on what salary you command on graduation.A healthy hike though can be expected – students typically gain a hike between 40% to 100% after these courses. An important placement parameter that often gets overlooked is the companies visiting campus. This determines the choice of roles available to candidates. This number is healthier at ISB where 423 companies visited campus in 2013. At IIMs this number is typically around 50-100 companies for the One year MBA. ISB benefits from its head start over the IIMs here (ISB’s One year MBA started in 2001, the first one year MBA at IIMs started in 2005) and this reflects the depth of ISB’s corporate connect. The bottom line is that each college has its own USPs. One may be easier on the pocket, the other may be offering more international exposure. One may be more tuned towards marketing, the other towards finance. Think first of what you feel is important for you and then choose for yourself.I hope the above comparison has given the readers some sense of what to choose and I have not left you even more confused. Feel free to comment, criticize, suggest or ask for more information. Need more information or suggestions based on your unique profile? Post a question to current students of IIM C, IIM B and IIM C on the Forum here: IIM B admissions , IIM C admissions , ISB admissions The author of this article besides being an alumni of IIM Calcutta’s PGPEX is the author of My Beloved’s MBA Plans – a first of a kind book that explores the lives of people pursuing a One year MBA at Indian business schools. The author can be reached at dishacx2013@email.iimcal.ac.in Disclaimer – The views expressed here are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of Oneyearmba.co.in Comment on this post/ Ask a question Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email Related Posts October 12, 2016 0 IIMA Wants To Double PGPX Intake To 180 September 20, 2016 0 Rs 44 Lakh Highest, Rs 29 Lakh Avg. Domestic Salary for IIMA 1 Year MBA Class of 2016 August 24, 2016 0 ISB, NUS, Tsinghua Students Team Up For Global Learning Opportunity 121 Comments Prof. O P Monga on December 7, 2013 8:45 am Congrats to Disha Chhabra for giving exhaustive comparative analysis of management institutes offering one year MBA. She is also right in saying that institutes other than IIMs and ISB should also be considered. To me IIMA occupies the first rank for providing dynamic and vibrant educational environment. The ISB comes at second but is most preferred business school for placement by the corporate world. Disha on December 11, 2013 10:33 am Thanks Sir for liking the article. The placements part could also be because 1) 770 offers a good diversity to choose from and a better bargaining power as well 2) ISB is the BEST in terms of branding, industry relations and PR, much needed in the nascent one year MBA culture. Pavan on December 2, 2014 1:45 pm Hello Admin Sorry for repetitive question but this is very critical to take a decision whther MBA is feasible or not for me so I humbly request you to go through my profile and rate it accordingly for admission in IIMs 1 year MBA programs, your valuable guidance help me to take decision in my career. Academics: 10 cbse 76% 12 cbse 60% 2 years gap before Engineering. Engineering 66.5% (Electronics and Telecommunication from SGSITS Indore) work exp:(9+ years) 5.0 years in Polaris Software Lab Ltd. as a Developer/production Support/onsite coordinator to gather clients requirement.(Includes 1 year UK experience) 4.0 years in Product based company as a Poject leader (Application database design ,development and migration analysis). I would like to ask that with this type of experience how can I showcase my working profile effectively in order to stand a chance of getting shortlisted to IIM? What should be my ideal GMAT score? Also I have 2 years of gap before engineering, it may give a negative strike to my admission chances and placements thereafter. Please clarify this point. I will be dependent upon placements after the course so this question is very important for me. I am appearing for GMAT in December this year, Is it worth applying for IIM Indore ? can I get admission with this profile? Thanks in advance. Best Regards, Pavan vaish on April 23, 2015 6:12 pm Sorry you will not get admit because of low score in 12th Devvart Rana on December 8, 2013 3:21 pm Dear Disha, Nice comparison on most parameters. As far as entrepreneurship is concerned, I totally agree with you that IIMs (be it A or B or C or L) tend to produce great consultants & CEOs but leg behind ISB by a fair margin. One reason for this, I believe is the social strata of students opting for (or getting through to) ISB. Though I wont be able to fetch correct figures but I believe that being a private institution, it tends to attract lot more business background students. On the other hand, IIMs get lot more people opting for Education Loans and hence going back to Jobs instead of being an entrepreneur. So my two cents: “ISB” if you wanna be Entrepreneur( as you may get lot more networking and similar minded rich people) otherwise IIMs. Disha on December 11, 2013 10:35 am Hey Devrat On the entrepreneurship, I don’t quite agree with the reasoning of the student background. It is something more fundamental. It is in the institute culture perhaps. If IIMs start a good entrepreneurship cell and courses, I am sure people will go to IIMs as well. I don’t think this has anything to do with social strata. ISB has students with even higher education loans but the support given to them by the institute goes a long way! Senthil on December 23, 2013 7:49 pm I disagree with the assessment that IIMs don’t provide as much support for entrepreneurs. When I look at the facilities and coursework available at IIMA, I feel that anyone who wants to start their own company would be well equipped to do so. CIIE has been reasonably successful in their incubation efforts. I know that IIMB also has a prominent incubation cell on campus Factors that could lead to a lower entrepreneurship rate out of campus include: 1. The older age profile, which leads to a lower risk taking appetite 2. Having to pay educational loans while having a family, which would deter a lot of entrepreneurship candidates When I look at my batch from PGPX (I graduated 4 years ago), more than 20% are entrepreneurs. There are now a large number of entrepreneurs across batches and we ping each other for help/guidance. Most of these entrepreneurs gravitated towards entrepreneurship a few years after leaving campus, which would not reflect in placement statistics Disha on December 23, 2013 9:50 pm Thanks Senthil for throwing light on the same. I agree with your analysis. Entrepreneurship with family and kids is a tough choice to make, indeed. Harry Baweja on January 7, 2014 4:55 pm I clearly dont agree with a lot of things here, although I appreciate that you have a decent job of comparing the various 1 year MBA programmes in India. Before I make my comments, would like to hear why IIMA PGPX wasn’t listed here for comparison Here some key things that you missed to cover: 1) IIMs have an excellent support in Entrepreneurship (read more about NSRCel at IIMB). Certainly, because the batch size is small (which has its own advantages too), the number of Entrepreneurs that typically are produced by the IIMs is certainly less compared to ISB, which has a humongous batch size of 770. 2) Other avenues of personal development: I think you did not do your homework properly. There is hell lot of activity that happens every week. Something worth mentioning about the IIMs 1 year MBA is the ‘Seminar Series’ offered by IIM A,B,C where to get to hear from world-class speakers from diverse industries every week and the mandatory ‘International Immersion’ program wherein students get a chance to study and do a live project in one of the emerging economies. 3) EPGP at IIMB is a more known for Strategy, besides Marketing and Analytics. IIMB has one of the best Strategy that the country has to offer. Besides, the Analytics courses at IIMB are one of the finest in the country. Besides, there are Marketing, IT, Startup and Consulting conclaves, B-schools fests and much more. And parties are everywhere. We are a small bunch but nonetheless we party equally hard In nutshell, its tough to make comparisons between the schools listed above. Overall, ISB is a great school for the lesser experienced folks, say 2 to 4 yrs, however, beyond 4-5 yrs of work experience, IIMs are a better choice. S G P on March 5, 2014 1:12 am Dont take me wrong !! . By any chance are you a PR officer from IIMB ? NSCREL of IIMB is no match whatsoever compared to Wadhwani centere at ISB. Get your facts right. Harry Baweja on March 5, 2014 11:13 am @S G P: Well, IIMs lack in Marketing their programs, unlike ISB that is superb in Marketing their programs..I think they shell out a lot of money and effort on advertising and media etc. So no questions of someone being a PR officer here I never made a comparison between Wadhwani centre at ISB and NSRCEL at IIMB..I think you didnt read my comment properly…I said the batch size of the 1 year program at IIMs is hardly 10% (or infact lesser) than the intake at ISB – so the proportion of people who end up being an Entrepreneur from 1 year MBA from IIMs is typically less..Its simple maths, hope you understand this time ankit on January 23, 2014 7:58 pm I am working as manager in rbi….work ex 5 years….age 32 ….cleared 2 levels of cfa….but 10th…59% 12th…61% btech….74%….frm plain vanilla clg. is it worth applying for 1 year mba ….and most importantly….will they gv me admission….. admin on January 23, 2014 8:39 pm Hi Ankit, You surely qualify for the One year MBA – the eligibility criterion for schools in India do not specify any minimum scores in school. Your scores in school do pose a challenge but it could be addressed with a well rounded application focusing on aspects such as your work experience and other achievements. Other aspects that schools with a one year programme look into include – GMAT, your career aspirations after the MBA which will come through in your essays, extracurricular achievements etc. I would advise you to focus on getting a stellar GMAT score to balance your scores in school. Try for a 700-740. A question that may crop up during admissions is why you are looking at pursuing an MBA when you are pursuing CFA. Plan this aspect when working on your essays. Whether it is worth applying to a One year programme is something you are in the best position to evaluate. Most mid level managers do gain a substantial jump in salaries and profile after a One year MBA in India. You can check the BIG List of placements, eligibility, fees of One year MBAs in India to help you evaluate this aspect. PS – Adding the question to IIM B’s forum thread where a lot of current students can help your further on your journey Ashok on January 25, 2014 10:58 pm Hi Disha, Very well compiled comparison sheet. Had heard about your book, and was nostalgic about my time on the campus. I am from the second batch of IIM-C PGPEX. For aspirants, a few tips on evaluating choices, particularly from the standpoint of placements and RoI. I wouldn’t claim to be an authority on placements, but have shopped for talent post-MBA at all top schools. Caveat emptor: I have no personal injuries to resent, as it were. Just practical tips based on my experience over the past six years. 1. If your Indian salary is INR20L-25L and if you do not have an IIT first degree, please do not rely on an Indian one-year MBA to bump you up to the bulge bracket. Go to INSEAD or invest two years in Ivy League schools. 2. Follows from point 1 that the 40%-100% increase in pay is a function of the incoming salary. If you have less experience, or if career-track change is an over-riding priority vis-a-vis RoI, then choose Indian schools. 3. Remember that the `Ex’ or `X’ tag will hurt you (the degree of pain varies, based on the ignorance of the hiring manager), and that is where ISB stands out. The one-year program is ISB’s flagship offering, and flagships have entrenched supporters in the hiring community. Somehow, the X’s and Ex’s are associated with inferior quality/relaxed selection criteria or both. 4. The trade-off (in choosing ISB) is that it is a rat race: You have to be in the top decile or quintile of the class to get a look-in at the bulge-bracket bank or PE firm. At IIMs (one-year programs), the learing is more experiential and relaxed, although Fin placements might prove elusive. Ashok Pankaj on February 9, 2014 1:31 pm This particular topic is very close to what i think lot of people having 7-8 + years of work experience would be able to relate to as ISB result deadline is nearing…I though still not have a choice to make between the IIMs and ISB but not sure if this 7-8 years work experience bracket fellow should go ahead with ISB this year( 2014 intake) if he/she gets final admit offer from ISB or take a step back and try IIMs for next year entry. Ashok’s fourth point i think is making folks a bit apprehensive for the simple fact that for somebody having 7+ years of work experience and to compete on academics with let say 3-4 years experience fellow is a bit difficult and i think the balance tilt towards the less experienced guys. I have a specific thing on this and would be happy if Ashok can reply….How does then a 7-8 years work experience guy should leverage his comparatively higher work experience in ISB settings.I can be more specific. This particular high experienced fellow is looking for career in energy, chemicals and manufacturing and not per se PE or IB. Any viewpoint from any contributor on this would be highly helpful. Soham Nag on March 20, 2014 2:27 pm Hi Disha/Admin, I am Soham. I am looking to persue 1 year MBA programme in ISB next year. For that i have already started preparing for GMAT.Since in earlier posts you have mentioned that working profile is rather more necessary than academics, so i am briefing my work experience below and want you to feed some valuable advice. I have total experience of 5 years.Presently, i am working as an Assistant electrical engineer in WS Atkins (An UK based Design Engineering consultancy firm) in Gurgaon & responsible for delivering design to various international projects in UK & Middle East. I am an active & certified ERT(Emergency Response Team) member in the organisation responsible to cater aspect of Health & Safety.I also fulfill the role of Internal Auditor of my team(responsible for QC of documents) .Previously I have worked with an EPC firm,Technofab Engineering Limited where i have fulfilled roles of both as an Engineer & Senior Engg. (Design Electrical) of various turnkey projects pertaining to clients like NTPC,NPCIL etc.I have had enginners and Cad Technician(Draftsmen) working under me in succesfully delivering a lot of projects. I have also fulfilled additional responsibilities of site commissioning of NPCIL and met with a lot of last minute on site challanges while handing over the plant to the client.In additon to it i was also responsible for inspection of Electrical Panels(MCCs etc.) in line with Clients QA . Additional Info : 10 th – 80.8 % 12 th – 79.2 % B.Tech – 7.74 (DGPA) I would like to ask that with this type of experience how can i showcase my working profile effectively in order to stand a chance of getting shortlisted to ISB? What sould be my ideal GMAT score? Please suggest some points where i can effectively showcase my career aspirations from here on? admin on March 21, 2014 7:38 am Hi Soham, Just to clarify, profile and quality of work experience is given substantial weightage in admission to One year MBA programmes, but academics are equally important. Most schools tend to give 15-25% weightage to a range of criteria including GMAT, College and sometimes school academics, Extra-curricular achievements, Interview, Quality of work-experience and major achievements at work. Now lets look at your profile. 1. Your work experience of 5 years is ok – it is the average work experience at ISB 2. GMAT score to target? 720-730 is the safe zone. 700 would be the minimum we would recommend given past admission trends at ISB – ISB tends to give more weightage to GMAT score than many other One year MBA programmes. 3. Your experience as mentioned by you is very interesting. A bulk of applications at Indian b-schools are from professionals from the IT sector. As an electrical engineer you have a very different story to showcase. We would recommend that you capitalize on this. Play up the nuances of your role as an electrical engineer – what you did, how and the challenges within this industry. Include specific instances where you managed people, displayed leadership potential etc. Since you bring in the diversity factor to the class, capitalize on this: showcase your past work experience and indirectly cue the distinct flavour you will bring to the class. 4. If you have worked in Dubai, build this into the application: international work experience is valued. You will find ample opportunities to showcase these aspects within the ISB application and in the interview. Looking at some past ISB essays as an example: ISB Essay 1 – Attitude, skills and knowledge differentiate people. Elaborate with two examples on how you would differentiate yourself. (300 words max) – a big chunk of the aspects touched on above would fit well in this essay ISB Essay 2 – How does the ISB PGP tie-in with your career goals? (300 words max) – ideally, and if this ties in with your career goals, show a progression from your current role into new role, why ISB would enable this transition. ISB Essay 3 – Pick the most significant achievement (professional or personal) you have had and elaborate on the key learning you took away from it. (300 words max) – great opportunity to build in instances specific to your field and build your unique story In a nutshell, don’t lose sight of aspects specific to your profile as an electrical engineer in your application and interview. Will hold you in good stead. Kumar on March 27, 2014 10:22 am Hi, Thanks for such a valuable platform for enlightening others. I would like to go for an executive MBA. I did a google search for the same and luckily I got into your forum. Let me tell you my work experience first(All in IT/Software). ICICI-Infotech – 3 years Bank Of America – Merrill Lynch – 2 years Royal Bank of Scotland – 3 years So I am having a total of 8 years of experience. I have been awarded for my exceptional work in all of my organisations. Academics : 10 – 75 % 12 – 70 % B.Tech(Computer Science) – 63 %. Can you please let me know what could be a good score in GMAT to get in ISB or in Any of IIM How much weight is given to extra curricular activities(I am an avid reader and engaged in lot of sports but have no certificate of playing at any level). Thanks admin on March 28, 2014 9:31 am Hi Kumar, first, for the benefit of all our readers, we clarify once again – the the One year full time MBA programme in India is a regular, full-time programme and should not be confused with Executive MBA programmes! As per global accreditation, the One year MBA is the only MBA in India. The confusion arises because the One year MBA demands work experience from candidates – but that is the norm globally. In India, where this is all new, people have taken to calling the one year MBA an Executive MBA. – which is actually a part time programme. Unless, a candidate is an ‘executive’ while he is pursuing an MBA, the course he/she is pursuing is not an executive MBA! The person pursuing a full time MBA is simply a student and the course being pursued simply an MBA. Read these for a quick recap of the status of these programmes – http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/one-year-mba-iim-c-pgpex-awarded-mba-accreditation-by-amba-uk/ http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/1-one-year-full-time-mba-in-india-executive-mba-no-indias-first-globally-accepted-mba-yes/ So if you are headed for a One year MBA, be assured that you are about to pursue India’s first bonafide MBA – not an executive course. Now, coming to your profile – GMAT at Indian b-schools vary from school to school. You can check the individual school pages for more info on average GMAT at each school. As a ballpark for candidates with an IT background, 730 plus is the safe zone. That does not mean a 680-720 cant work – it could well work given the strength of your overall profile. As far as extra-curricular achievements are concerned, B-schools don’t reveal exact weightage for this criterion. However, it surely plays a role in informing the adcom about the overall capability of the candidate. B-schools are looking for well rounded candidates for their one year MBA class who bring diverse perspectives to class. However we do feel that professional/ classroom achievements are till date, valued higher than extra-curricular at Indian B-schools. This could be partially due to the approach to education in India – more about scoring marks rather than learning. But things are changing! RAHUL on May 1, 2014 11:50 pm I am a probationary officer in SBI and have a total of 3 years experience. I am trying for one year mba for next year. My target is IIM-A, ISB. Is experience the eliminating criteria in these schools? admin on May 2, 2014 12:55 pm Hi Rahul, IIM A specifies no minimum work experience – though you need to be aged at least 27 by the start date of the course. ISB specifies 2 years work experience and you meet that criterion. Avg Abhi on May 10, 2014 1:45 pm Hey there, I’m currently pursuing MBA from a B-school affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University, Kerala. I had scored average marks in my school years (76% in 10th and 74% in 12th) and I have a commerce background. I did comparatively better in my degree (scored 86% in B.com). After having got a bit more exposure I understand that my profile needs to be better if I want to get better opportunities. I was planning to get CFP certification after my MBA and work for a few years. My question is am I eligible for any Exec MBA from any institute (because of my marks I am asking this)? And would additional certification, like CFP, give me any added advantage? admin on May 11, 2014 3:42 pm Hi Avg Abhi, You are not eligible for executive mbas (part time programmes for working exedutives with substantial experience). But you could look at part-time MBAs many of which don’t need work experience. If you are actually interested in One year full time regular MBA programmes for students with work experience (often confused with executive mbas in India) then you will have to gain 5 years work experience. Don’t worry about eligibility – One year full time MBA programmes judge students on multiple factors and your marks will be only one factor – and they seem fine. PS – The Indian education system with its focus on marks alone can make the best feel average. Einstein was below average in studies. Don’t let it get to you. Anand on May 24, 2014 11:40 pm Thanks Disha / Admin for the information Provided above regarding one year MBA Programs. My Query is I am an MBA Passout from Central University of Hyderabad 2010 batch specialized in Marketing, and since working with Colgate Palmolive in Channel Sales. Now that i have almost 4 yrs of work exp and seeking foward to grown in Career, i am facing hindrance to get promotions as Sales Manager since people in sales are asking for similar Sales manager experience or else asking for atleast 7-8 yrs exp of executive level. Now that i am well qualified but NOT a mba Graduate from top 10 Bschools to become a management trainee and get into next level i am planning to opt for One year course of MBA from either India or abroad. Now my query is 1- As i have already done MBA in 2010, is there any change of doing MBA again from top B Schools? 2- whether my experience is valued in these 3 schools mentioned above? 3-Suggest a way forward? Anticipating your reply at the earliest? Thanks admin on May 27, 2014 11:03 pm Hi Ananad, Our responses below: 1. We assume you mean any chance of doing an MBA – Yes, you can pursue a One Year MBA at B-schools in India despite having done a pgp/ pgdm earlier. And one of the reasons for this is that the PGDM/ PGP offered in India is more theoretical in its approach since the course is targeted at freshers (in fact the course is accredited as an MIM and not an MBA globally). An MBA will equip you with concepts required for a middle management role. Read this for more information on this: http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/deccan-herald-says-the-one-year-mba-is-the-first-mba-in-india/ and this: http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/one-year-mba-iim-c-pgpex-awarded-mba-accreditation-by-amba-uk/ Globally, an MBA student needs to have 3+ years of experience (class average is 5 years) and so your work experience is bang on for a One Year MBA. 2. as explained above, yes, for a One Year MBA in India most B-schools are looking for 5 years of experience on average. (Some 3+) So your work experience is going to get its due in your application. 3. One of the first things you need is a GMAT score. We would advise you to keep 5 months at the very least for prep. If you need help in planning you admissions, you may want to consider using the services of admitOne – a specialized admission consulting service for One Year MBA applicants managed by Oneyearmba.co.in. More details on this here: http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/admitone-admit-one-specialised-best-mba-admissions-consulting-and-essay-editing-service-for-one-year-mba-applicants/ Amit on July 25, 2014 5:20 pm Hi, I am working at a managerial level as a business analyst in an MNC with a total work exp of 12 years. I have done B.Com(Hons) from DU and later on did my distance learning MBA from AMITY. At this stage of my career I am not able to move up the ladder in the organization. Recently I came across an online programme from IIM-C on business analytics costing about Rs 2.5Lacs. Would require your guidance about the program, and its usefulness in shaping my career. My expectation from this course is getting a meatier role in the organization , possibly a promotion or move outside at a better remuneration. Thank you. admin on July 27, 2014 1:23 am Hi Amit, Given that you have twelve years work experience we think you may be better off exploring an executive MBA for the same money (for clarity sake, here we are referring to part-time programmes and not full time one year MBAs which many confuse with executive MBAs). For about the same amount or less as the course in analytics, you could get an executive MBA. Some options you should check out are MDI’s after work hours Exec MBA and FMS’s Exec MBA. IIM L also offers an Executive MBA – the working Managers programme which could be another option. Exec programmes from good institutes, can give you a leg up in your career. Most online programmes in our view will not give you the requisite bump in your career. However its a great way to stay on top of your domain and learn which will eventually help you progress in your career. But if your aim is direct career progression after doing the course, we are not too sure that will happen. PS – Is a full time one-year MBA completely ‘out’ for you? Since you already have a distance learning MBA, if possible try for a full time degree. A full time degree will certainly help you meet the aims you listed. Amit on July 27, 2014 2:39 pm Thanks Admin for your wonderful suggestion. Even, I had thought of doing Part time MBA from IIM-L noida campus but since it is 3 yr programme, it put me off. One year online in my view is helping me get a IIM certification as well as domain expertise. Regarding one year full time MBA, then it is costing too much. IIM-A,B, C all cost in the range of Rs 20L and leaving job at this juncture will hardly make sense for me since I am the lone bread earner in the family. Any idea what would be the course fee of MDI or IIML part time MBA. THanks. admin on July 27, 2014 6:43 pm Hi amit, check the latest numbers from the respective B-school websites, however the last time we checked, MDI was in the 3.5 lakh range and IIM L WMP at 8 L. Also FMS’s evening programme is quite affordable (fee is around 1.5 lakh). Amit on July 27, 2014 8:41 pm Thanks a lot Admin!! Your suggestions are really valued . FMS Evening programme will definitely make more sense for me . Will try to discover all the details about it and give my best shot to this. Thanks once again!! Nawal on July 27, 2014 10:27 am An outstanding amount of information on this website! I’ve just forwarded this one onto a friend who has been doing a little research on this. And he actually bought me dinner because I stumbled upon it for him… lol. So allow me to reword this…. Thank YOU for the meal!! Vasudha on September 17, 2014 3:39 pm Hi Disha, I am Vasudha. Can you please evaluate my profile for 1 year MBA. I am targeting IIM-A, B and C. My particulars are as follows: percentage marks in 10th: 89% percentage marks in 12th: 82% B.E (Hons) from Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh -70% I am a civil engineer by profession. have 7+ years of experience in Civil and Structural design for power plants at Siemens. Have worked on projects of major electrical utilities in the South American region and have also done proposal engineering for Nuclear projects. Most MBA, i would like to go into Infrastructural finance. I have also cleared 2 levels of the CFA exam. Thanks admin on September 18, 2014 12:44 am Hi Vasudha, Here’s our take (disha, do pitch in! ) 1. civil engineer – excellent that you have a non-IT profile, which is a tough applicant pool to be a part of 2. 7+ work ex – puts you in the whereabouts of the average work ex of a candidate applying to IIM B and C – so no issues here. IIM A’s PGPX tends to have an average work ex of close to 10 years, but this doesn’t seem as too big a red flag to worry about 3. school scores are perfectly ok 4. great that you have cleared 2 levels of CFA. The fact that you are planning to combine management knowledge, with your knowledge of finance and engineering, seems like a well thought out plan which should impress the admission team 5. hopefully, PGPEX will also give you bonus points for being a woman – most top schools are taking gender diversity seriously Your profile is competitive for the schools you are considering – but your GMAT score will also impact your chances. Have you taken the exam yet? Vasudha on September 18, 2014 9:12 am Yes. I have taken the GMAT exam. My GMAT score is 700. Thanks admin on September 18, 2014 10:17 am 700 is a fairly safe score score for IIM B and IIM C given your profile. IIM A might be a slight gamble yet as their average GMAT ranges between 700 and 720 approx across the years. However, we feel confident about your profile. Vasudha on September 18, 2014 11:21 am Thanks a lot for the evaluation! I look forward to applying next year! Vasudha itban on September 20, 2014 11:46 pm Dear Disha, i am gonna ask same common question that other aspirants have asked here. i am in to IT with 9 yrs of experience in ERP implementation. I have worked across various clients like ernst & young and united nations. I am currently working for United nations in new york. I am planning to take GMAT and want to opt for exec- MBA from India. Do you think acedemic marks does matter if I score well in GMAT. 10th: 50% 10+2: 50% Grad in computer: 71% Master in computer: 71% Many Thanks Itban itban on September 20, 2014 11:49 pm Do you also think working with non profit organisation like United nations gonna add some weight in getting call from these institutes?? admin on September 23, 2014 12:04 am Hi, Contributing to society by working for an NGO/ humanitarian body such as UNICEF etc would surely count and schools should award you brownie points for this. But be aware, no one knows for certain how much heft this really adds to your application, for at least B-schools in India. Some schools have adopted global language in their brochures, as well as selection criteria followed by the west, but in India, schools still tend to focus a lot on academics. But, in your case you have been working in IT for UN havent’ you? We doubt the folks in the adcom will see that very differently from say working for Infosys, or an IBM. That said, UN is a top notch brand to have on your resume and that should count for a lot. admin on September 22, 2014 11:55 pm Hi Itban, From exec MBA, we take it you are looking at a regular One year MBA in India (commonly confused with exec MBA’s which are part-time programmes for working execs). Academic marks will not matter too much with 9+ years of work experience and if you weave your academic story around your GMAT score. Score well, and your school scores should become irrelevant. If you messed up on some specific subjects such as math, then ensure you have a stellar score in quant. Most one-year programmes will tend to focus on marks up till graduation (college). Some also focus on 12th class marks (such as ISB). Here’s a helpful clarification from ISB on the exact question you have asked; What do we look for in a prospective ISB student? 1. Consistent academic record 2. Clarity of thought in terms of career aspirations and goals 3. People who have demonstrated attributes of leadership. Consistent academic record is a good indicator of the applicants ability to take up the rigor of the programme. And to this effect, we look at the school 12th scores, graduation grades and the GMAT scores. For those who are worried about a not so good academic record, I have only one piece of advice – do well in your GMAT. The school and undergraduate performances are in the past and cannot be changed however what can be changed is the GMAT score. Each applicant should make an assessment of his/her academic performance in relation to that of other applicants ( an applicant may not know who else is applying but certainly knows what his/her position in their respective graduating class was). If one is in the top half of the class an average to above average GMAT score would be good to have but for a person in the bottom half of the class a well above average GMAT score would be desirable. – See more at: http://blogs.isb.edu/admissionsdirector/2011/07/04/what-do-we-look-for-in-a-prospective-isb-student/#sthash.dqgFcqfs.dpuf That said, there are some exceptions- some schools such as IIM Shillong have minimum cut offs for schools scores. here there are: Check this link for more on this – http://www.iimshillong.in/pgpex/shortlisting-criteria.asp We would advise you to shortlist a 3-5 schools, check their FAQ’s on this subject and if required mail their admission team asking this very question. itban on September 23, 2014 2:33 am Many Thanks for the wonderfull explanation!! much appreciated!! vivek on September 30, 2014 11:44 am Hi…I think one important aspect has been missed…that is comparison w.r.t. international immersion… admin on October 6, 2014 12:13 pm Hi Vivek, Yes, that is in important aspect and we shall add that to the analysis soon. Thanks for flagging this! saurabh on October 16, 2014 9:48 am I humbly request you to go through my profile and rate it accordingly for admission in IIMs executive programs, your valuable guidance is solicited. Academics: 10 cbse 85% 12 cbse 86% Engineering BIT Ranchi 82.1% work exp: 2.8 years in CSC India java developer. 2.0 years developed my own portal and tried hand at entrepreneurial stint. 2.0 years management trainee in Punjab national bank (govt sector). I came to know from sources that my work exp is too varied so it may give a negative strike to my admission chances and placements thereafter if selected, please clarify this point as you are the right specialist in the field to ask such precision questions.I will be dependent upon placements after the course so this question is very important for me. thanks in advance. admin on October 19, 2014 12:14 am Hi Saurabh, 1. varied work ex – why is this bad? Some people have multiple talents and try and find their way in life before settling down on their chosen path. While this may not yet be the norm in India yet, peoples perspectives are changing and in our view if you can weave a story on the choices you made at each stage, the schools should not have a problem. 2. Placements – again if you are clear on your future path, this should not be a problem. You may however have to take a small hit in terms of converting your past years of work experience in a new role – some firms may see some years of work-ex as relevant work-ex and may discount a few years of work-ex thats not so aligned to the new role when calculating your pay and position – just be clear about this that’s all. What new role are you aspiring to by the way after the MBA? saurabh on October 22, 2014 9:11 pm Thanks for your reply and analysis you have pointed the exact question which i was facing in my mind. I have blend of experience which could be perceived or presented from different angles 1. software development experience along with banking industry domain knowledge makes me a good contender for managerial position in IT sector 2. As I am working in finance sector dealing with a broad sector of issues ranging from administrative branch level problems to credit and foreign exchange ,retail lending, priority sector lending etc I can probably opt for a Multi national Banking institution. 3. A very different way for looking at the whole thing purely depicts that since i have worked with a range of people from MNC to Rural public sect bank i have a wide spectrum of customer need analysis and this I can utilise during my course also it will be a different contribution towards batch profile. This was all i think i can become( you better know value of my points made above, inside a B school) please evaluate my view point and guide. i want to specialize in market exploration and business acquisition. admin on October 24, 2014 5:21 am Saurabh all three aspects put forward by you seem ok! The one you choose depends on your own aspirations. We can help you plan your story in greater detail once you are closer to application time. For this check http://bit.ly/admitoneconsulting Arnab on October 29, 2014 3:12 am Hi..! I have overall ten years experience in financial services industry and currently running my own ‘Equity Advisory Franchise’ set up with a nationally renowned stock broker for the last four years. Prior to this I had a stint with a few financial services companies for six years in junior and middle management cadre in Wealth Advisory and Equity Broking. I have a solid understanding of the products and the overall sector. I also have detailed study on the operation / risk management and legal aspects of stock broking and wealth advisory. I am B Com(Hons) with 45% marks from Calcutta University ( Year 2002 )and have also completed ‘Master of Corporate Management’ course with 65% marks from Lucknow University ( Year 2004 ). The master degree course was a two year full time course and was approved by AICTE. My scores in secondary (10th) and higher secondary (12th) examination have been 84% and 67% respectively. I do not score much credit on the extra curricular activities. Now that I want to gradually shift to the Investment Banking / Private Equity domain and want to pursue a good one year MBA course for acquiring the academic grooming on the subject and also the managerial and leadership skills relevant to the domain. ISB offers PGP which is known to be one of the best in the country. I am taking preparation for GMAT and hope to clear it by July 2015 and looking forward to apply to ISB. Please suggest if I am eligible for the PGP 2015-16 course. Regards. admin on October 30, 2014 11:03 am Hi arnab, Officially you are eligible for ISB. Here is what the school needs- 1. A Bachelor’s degree in any discipline. 2. Preferably two years of full-time work experience after graduation. Exceptional candidates, with less work experience, will be considered for deferred admission. 3. GMAT score 4. TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score, only if language of instruction during undergraduate education was not English. Unofficially, ISB is known to be a stickler for good scores – so GMAT, College marks etc. The 45% seems in grad could be potential issue at ISB. We would recommend whacking the GMAT out of the park – hopefully the school will then focus on that (as it should!) You may also want to give IIM C a look – the school has had a finance focus and has a good alumni base in the sector which counts for a lot. Check the below writeup from the horses mouth – you might find it helpful: What do we look for in a prospective ISB student? Posted on July 4, 2011 by Admissions Director We are primarily looking at the following attributes in prospective applicants: 1. Consistent academic record 2. Clarity of thought in terms of career aspirations and goals 3. People who have demonstrated attributes of leadership. Consistent academic record is a good indicator of the applicants ability to take up the rigor of the programme. And to this effect, we look at the school 12th scores, graduation grades and the GMAT scores. For those who are worried about a not so good academic record, I have only one piece of advice – do well in your GMAT. The school and undergraduate performances are in the past and cannot be changed however what can be changed is the GMAT score. Each applicant should make an assessment of his/her academic performance in relation to that of other applicants ( an applicant may not know who else is applying but certainly knows what his/her position in their respective graduating class was). If one is in the top half of the class an average to above average GMAT score would be good to have but for a person in the bottom half of the class a well above average GMAT score would be desirable. Career aspirations and goals: The essential question here is why does the applicant want to do a programme in management. We do look at clarity of thought and purpose in the applicant. We are looking at answers to questions like – where do you see yourself in say 3 years time, why is management education important to achieve the goals you have set yourself, can your current career path lead you to your goals even without management education etc. We certainly are not expecting answers like “I see myself at XXX position in YYY company in the next 5 years time” Such assertion are difficult to make and we do not expect such statements. Leadership attributes: Our applicant pool can be broadly divided into two categories 1. Who have had sufficient work experience to have had the opportunity to lead people 2. Those who have not yet had the formal role of leading people. How then do we evaluate leadership in these two categories. The first is relatively simple – the role a person does has ample scope to demonstrate the impact of the leadership skills and that should be presented appropriately in the application. It is a lot more difficult for the second category. However all good leaders do have certain traits in common and these can be presented in the application. Leaders take initiative/ look for improved ways of doing things/are creative/encourage team work/are decisive etc. I have listed out only a few of the traits that can be demonstrated without actually having to lead a set of subordinates. Applicants who have no formal leadership role can highlight some of the traits I have mentioned with concrete examples in order to present their case well. Prerna Deol on November 7, 2014 11:15 am Hi, I am a Law graduate from Mumbai University and I am too much inclined towards MBA Programs from well-known B-schools as it definitely adds on alot of standards to your professional profile. I was actually interested for my husband; who is B.Tech in Electronics and Telecommunications; to purse it but he has different mind set all together. I wanted some guidelines for myself as do u suggest a Law Graduate to purse with MBA and if yes then what all opportunities do fall in my way ? I certainly dont have much good percentile in L.L.B (58.9% ) and will it be a matter of concern in further pursuance? And if you give me a green signal for MBA then which one shall be good one for me as I hardly can choose one for myself. Looking forward for reply as I have to decide between MBA and L.L.M for my masters degree. Thanks. Regds Prerna Deol admin on November 11, 2014 12:19 pm Hi prerna, There are a number of options which can open for a law grad after an MBA degree. Some options you could look at are corporate side careers in M&A, HR where knowledge of law is a boon. You could also become a resident legal adviser in companies. Similarly, you could explore options with legal firms managing aspects such as investment banking and M&A. The right management course for you would depend upon multiple factors such as years of work experience and GMAT score etc. One course you may want to check on is NALSAR’s MBLA – masters degree in business law and administration which aims to enable exactly the kind of transition you are attempting. VPIT on November 10, 2014 9:40 am I am 33 year project manager in Cognizant with over 10 years of experience (8 years in US and still counting) working in financial services domain. Below are my stats: GMAT – 730 (Q49, V40, IR7 and AWA6) TOEFL – 112 PGDBA Symbiosis (Corporate part time program) – 75% (Distinction) B.tech – 72% (UP technical University, one of the private colleges in UP) 12th – 65% 10th – 83 % Some background Information: I have applied to full time in US colleges (top 10-15) and INSEAD but did not get called from I think its because of Indian IT Male over represented pool and more than average age and experience and nothing unique in profile. In my long term future I plan to relocate to India so next best option for me is to look at 1 year MBA programs in India. Questions: 1: I missed the deadlines for IIMs this year. Should I apply to ISB or wait for IIMs next year. 2: Would I be a good fit at the IIMs, would I have a fair chance? 3: Would it make sense for me to apply to other MBA programs in Asia such as NUS, HKUST etc or IIMs/ISB would be a better option. For me post MBA job would be the primary criteria as I need to support family. Eagerly looking forward to your reply. Thanks in advance. Best Regards, Vivek admin on November 14, 2014 11:47 pm Hi VPIT, You could apply to ISB but at 10 years work ex, you will feel more at home at IIMs where the average class experience is 8-10 years. We would need to understand your post MBA aspirations to advise you in greater detail – which geography do you want to work in and which domain and function? Pranay Khanna on November 15, 2014 4:56 am Hi, Don’t you think ISB by increasing batch strength to 770 students is going the IMT Ghaziabad ,NMIMS Mumbai and ICFAI Hyderabad way? The 3 colleges mentioned above started in industry on a good note, established themselves as a brand amongst the student community and recruiters and followed this with an increase in batch strength which could not be sustained from placements point of view. ( Only the top 200-300 students are getting placed through campus placements and the rest have to fend for themselves.) I remember 6-8 years ago IMT Ghaziabad was a college where ppl who have narrowly missed the IIM cut-offs would go. Today the scene for the college has changed completely!!! Please share your views on the above…. admin on November 19, 2014 12:33 pm Hi Pranay, that’s an interesting observation and surprisingly it connected to a discussion we were having internally about what ISB did differently to make a name for itself in a market where government institutions rule and the age and pedigree of the institute are an important factor for students. We thought of other examples such as MDI, SP Jain, and IMT which also managed to get immense traction. And now you made us think about whether ISB will also take a similar downward path eventually. The thing is that the market for management talent within India at a 17-25 lakh+ bracket is fairly limited as compared to the market in USA, China etc which are much larger economies – and which too have shrunk in recent times. So yes, unless the Indian economy recovers and more roles open up, ISB will certainly have a challenge on its hands. Deepak on June 18, 2015 10:41 am Agree with you completely , things have gone to worse now.. all political and money making for them.. no interest in students.. there aren’t enough industries as there are number of MBA’s being churned out from these institutes.. and then they open IMT Nagpur, IMT Dubai.. whatever for ?? to Dilute there name ..>> Dr Subir Roy on November 17, 2014 6:21 am I have around 5 years experience in pharma marketing. I am a medical graduate by qualification. I got selected for both IIMB EPGP and ISB. I am confused between the two. With 5 years of experience and >22 L p.a. package, IIMB looks more promising. But I have not seen any pharma company/ consulting recruiting from IIMB- EPGP and I intend to work in either consulting or pharma. A lot of pharma companies/ consulting firms hire from ISB. But with my work experience and package, would ISB be a right choice? Kindly advise? admin on November 18, 2014 1:11 am Hi subir, pranay has shared some excellent points. A few things we can add: 1. consulting companies in India tend to recruit at the entry level unless they are hiring for a very specific practice or a new upcoming domain where they lack specialists – they then often recruit at lateral levels. Check by talking to a few people at your target companies if pharma is one of these domains where you could get a leg in the door. 2. The mid 80% CTC range for pharma at ISB was 14-21 lakh in 2014. This doesn’t necessarily mean that senior roles can not be got in this domain at ISB, it just means that has not been the case in 2014. With a senior candidate such as yourself, that number could well be different. Pranay Khanna on November 17, 2014 12:41 pm Mr. Subir, ISB has a good group of pharma companies coming for campus placements irrespective of the economic scenario and they offer special electives in Healthcare Management. There are a number of students in the batch from the pharma sector. There are many pharma companies in Hyderabad. If you are very particular about going back to the pharma sector and are flexible in terms of salary….ISB is a better option. But remember u need to be in the top 250-300 students in the batch of 770….else you are headed for a big-time disappointment. If u r interested in Consulting…..ie the Consulting Companies mentioned on website ie AMC, MCK, Bain, BCG, ATK….other than the IT Consulting ones….u’ll have to be in the top 100. Why dont u try for sabbatical? IIM B EGPG is a generic MBA. Placement is guaranteed given the brand, your profile and the small batch size. The negative point is that they don’t offer any special electives in Healthcare Management unlike ISB and u might end up being the rare pharma student in the batch unlike ISB. Placement in the pharma sector for u will be an external one wherein the college pitches ur profile to pharma companies backed by IIM B alumni and the placement cell. For Consulting you will have generic campus placements and can hope to get a package higher than ur current one. ATB… Dr Subir Roy on November 17, 2014 1:57 pm Do consulting firms like Bain, Mckinsey, BCG etc. recruit students from IIMB EPGP? Pranay Khanna on November 17, 2014 2:41 pm Dear Subir, Nope. But you have PWC, Deloitte, TCS, Cognizant, etc. Not the ones mentioned in ur post. If you can share ur academic credentials ie 10th, 12th and graduation score….I can confirm on ur chances in the firms mentioned by u. Dr Subir Roy on November 17, 2014 3:48 pm I have 80% in 10th, 77% in 12th, 857 rank in medical entrance, 65% in MBBS and 65% in Post Graduate Diploma in Clinical Research. I have been associated with several pharma companies like Bristol Myers Squibb, MSD, Glenmark etc and have handled both medical and marketing portfolios. Pranay Khanna on November 17, 2014 4:58 pm Dear Subir, Your acads for 10th and 12th standard are on the lower side because u will be competing with ppl above 90% in 10th and 12th for Mck, BCG, etc. Your graduation score may be good as per your institute but ppl with CGPA system have got scores like 8.8/10, 9.6/10…..so ur score effectively turns out to be 6.5/10. ( Not ur fault but u r at a disadvantage due to percentage system. That is why many colleges have shifted to CGPA system.) With such scores it is highly unlikely that you will be shortlisted by these companies inspite of the quality of your wor-exp and ur performance at ISB. IT Consulting and Pharma will be the only options avl. For IT Consulting u will have to take a hit in salary at ISB. Your salary for pharma at ISB will be somewhat equal to the package you will get by switching companies at this stage without an MBA. The advantage at ISB is the group of companies which will be avl in front of u and ur work-exp projects u as a strong candidate for the same. If you want to continue in the pharma sector, ISB is a better option since u will study healthcare related subjects, network with Healthcare professionals through ISB alumni, be part of Healthcare club and finally get placed in a pharma company or if u want, in a start-up. ( Plenty avl at ISB.) ( Assumption: U come in top 250-300 out of 770, which I personally feel you will given your academic background.) Else from salary point of view and placement guarantee point of view it is IIM Bangalore EPGP. IIM Bangalore is a bigger brand than ISB Hyd. The placement cell will pitch your profile very strongly to all the pharma companies in the world given its vast alumni. Singh on November 17, 2014 11:40 pm Hi, I’m a working in a FMCG MNC as an Operations Engineer, Below is my profile: 10th-91% 12th-87% all from CBSE B.Tech from BIT Mesra (13th ranked)-74% (Distinction Holder) Work Ex; Around 30 months My work in involves supply chain production planning/execution and is all in all a factory based role. I’m pursuing APICS certs. which would end somewhere arnd Dec 15 , so in a nutshell , I’m developing myself into a supply chain expert . Now , keeping in line with my career preference , I wish to move more seamlessly in this field , as far as I know few courses are there for Supply Chain in MBA(IIM-C VLM course / some other not so known stuffs from NITIE), plus the placements are also not that great (10-15L) add to that tuition (15L ~) . So, all in all I will be investing close to 30 L (tuition + 1yr salary) for the sake of an Indian MBA. Is it justified ? Or there are any alternatives ? AK on November 20, 2014 5:41 pm Dear Admin Could you please suggest me the countries that provide Post Study Work Visa for Indian Students. I am planning for 1 year MBA abroad Soham Nag on November 25, 2014 10:46 pm I am Soham. I am looking to pursue 1 year MBA programme this year.I have appeared for CAT and also will be appearing for XAT 2015 and finally GMAT. I am briefing my work experience below and want you to feed some valuable advice. I have total experience of 5+ years.Presently, I am working as an Assistant electrical engineer in WS Atkins (An UK based Design Engineering and Management consultancy firm) in Gurgaon & responsible for delivering design to various international projects in UK & Middle East. I am an active & certified ERT(Emergency Response Team) member in the organisation responsible to cater aspect of Health & Safety.I hold the responsibility of being the floor leader of ERT. I also fulfil the role of Internal Auditor of my team(responsible for Quality Control of documents) .I actively participate in fun and sports activities such as Collage making competition, Quiz etc. organized by WS Atkins. This year my team won 3rd Prize in Independence Day Collage making competition. I recently organized a quiz in “Monthly Jamboree” of our business. Previously I have worked with an EPC firm,Technofab Engineering Limited where i have fulfilled roles of both as an Engineer & Senior Engg. (Design Electrical) of various turnkey projects pertaining to clients like NTPC,NPCIL etc.I have had enginners and Cad Technician(Draftsmen) working under me in succesfully delivering a lot of projects. I have also fulfilled additional responsibilities of site commissioning of NPCIL and met with a lot of last minute on site challanges while handing over the plant to the client.In additon to it i was also responsible for inspection of Electrical Panels(MCCs etc.) in line with Clients QA . Acads : 10 th – 80.8 % 12 th – 79.2 % B.Tech – 7.74 (DGPA) I would like to ask the following : 1.With this type of experience/profile how will my profile be rated and what are likely chances of getting shortlisted to PGP of SPJain,XLRI,ISB,IIMs ? 2.If I appear for GMAT what sould be my ideal GMAT score? 3. Please suggest some points where i can effectively showcase my career aspirations from here on? admin on November 26, 2014 11:11 pm Hi soham, 1. Your chances of getting an admit are dependent on multiple factors with the GMAT score being critical 2. You have a engineering background, but since you are not from an IT profile that should provide you some scope of differentiating yourself from other applicants. Core engineering/ mechanical engineering profiles are fewer in the applicant pool to these schools. Build on this. 3. GMAT ranges between 650 to 760 at B-schools mentioned by you. Ideal? 800 Basically, its very hard for us to give you one specific score – aim for 720+ to play safe. Vivek on January 16, 2015 3:32 pm Hi, I went through your blogs and found it very useful for person like me. Pls help me with your invaluable suggestion Profile: Undergrad: NIT Trichy, Computer Science with CGPA:8.2/10 – 2006 passout(8.5 yrs exp) Ranked 11th in Madhya Pradesh Engg Exam (State level) State level scholarship 8.5 yrs of Exp with semiconductor companies – Broadcom, Intel and Infineon – Working as a firmware(Hardware specific) developer of Wirless Modem chipsets (2G, 3G & 4G) Why I want to do MBA: 1) With company exiting from the domain I work in (shrinking of job propsects), I am considering to make my profile a little generic so that I can traverse even in times this industry shrink, though I am kind of satisfied with the work I do. 2) To increase the pace of my career progression since for now it’s going on the same traditional path. 3) To move to some role which has bigger impact company wide with more recognition and pay check as well My post MBA goal is to remain in Telecom/IT/Semiconducotr product development company as either Business development manager or product management or any other strategic role(to achieve my desire as described in point 3 above) Considering -IIMA PGPx and IIMB EPGP(any other do you recommend?). Found Foreign MBA costlier. My question is: 1) Whether MBA will help me at this moment as I saw that there are issues in getting placement(for IIMA PGPx and IIMB EPGP students) and heard that it takes time for them to get a role of their choice (given that experience is more) 2) Will getting an MBAx from these programs(IIMA PGPx and IIMB EPGP) add a value to my profile. 3) Will it be able to provide me a salary greater than(or equal to) what I earn (as finally I have to see the financial gain also) and a long term faster career growth. I already earn more than average salary scored after these 2 MBA programs. Finally, whether I should try for MBA or continue the work and try to get some diversified experience in wireless technology. Pls suggest and help me Thanks a lot for your time! admin on January 16, 2015 4:04 pm Hi Vivek, Have posed your question to two alums of the IIM B EPGP and IIM A PGPX on the forum so you can get advice on these programmes from the horses mouth. Check back shortly at Ask Vinay: http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/forum/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=2218&p=2613#p2613 and Ask Alok: http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/forum/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=2219 PS – Questions asked on the forum get a faster response! Vivek on January 16, 2015 6:43 pm Thanks a lot ADMIN! Pranay Khanna on January 17, 2015 7:02 am Hi Vivek!! Have gone through your case. You have a very good profile. But I feel there has to be some clarity from your side on your reasons for pursuing an MBA. admin – Please do not post telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, on the open board as it attracts spam. You may place most of these in your Profile on the Forum. Sanjeev on January 20, 2015 2:02 am Hi All, First of all thanks alot for sharing this valuable information!! Could you please scan the below profile and let me know if my profile stands competitive for ISB or IIM’s (A&B)? 10th: 78% 12th:78% Bcom: 61% MBA (Regular): 60% I have overall 8 years of experience and working for Asset Management companies operations (Hedge funds and Mutual funds). Working as Assistant Manager, and managing a team of 15 members from last 2 years. admin on January 20, 2015 11:10 pm Hi Sanjev, your question has been posted on the forum in the IIM A and IIM B thread – check this for updates. Check back shortly at Ask Vinay: http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/forum/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=2218&p=2613#p2613 and Ask Alok: http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/forum/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=2219 Nair on January 30, 2015 6:59 pm Hi. Read your blog and found the same extremely useful.can you please check my below profile and suggest. 10th : 85.33% 12th :- 93.3% B.Tech (CSE) : 71.78% have a total of 6 years exp in IT industry.But have took a break from IT for the past 1 year.Can you suggest whether this break might affect my selection. admin on January 31, 2015 11:56 am Hi Nair, thanks, great that you found the site useful. The break should not affect your chances as your experience is within the range required. We aren’t robots and aren’t born to just make a career! Other things in life require our attention from time to time and any reasonable B-School will understand that. You could consider covering the gap in the mandatory essays or optional essay, if you feel the need. Lokho on February 20, 2015 10:51 am Wonderful blog article and very insightful comments! I am a medical doctor with a background in health economics. In all I have 12 years of work experience in the healthcare domain of which 7 have been in the pharmaceutical industry. My work (analytics) supports the developed markets and the approach is international and global in nature. I am involved in a particularly niche function without a lot of application in the Indian market – the group has been set up as a support system for the global organization and the approach (pharmacoeconomics with a heavy science focus) is not something that is used in the Indian market. My issue is two fold: (a) The skillsets that I have developed are more suitable to the developed markets or as a support for the developed markets but have very little applicability to the Indian market. There are hardly any other pharma organizations in India operating in the space I am in currently. While growth will happen steadily, it also limits my choice of work. When I approach pharma companies operating in India (working on the core Indian business and not support for other markets) the lack of India market specific experience becomes a limiting factor. (b) The other factor is my current CTC which is at a senior manager level. As I grow in the current system I am concerned that I will burrow myself down deeper and deeper in this niche function and paradoxically limit my employability outside. I am not very keen on moving into support services function in Indian agencies servicing pharma companies operating in the developed markets. I want to be there where the decision-making and implementation on the strategy is taking place. Would an MBA from the top B-schools discussed in this column/forum help me acquire a broader and more generic set of skills with wider applicability to the business and help me move away from the service mould and break into the Indian pharma/healthcare space. My desire is to get into more strategic business roles and enable a wider playing field for me within India. Are these good practical reasons to pursue an MBA? What is the reality on the outcome? Will it help engineer a career shift (this is quite akin to planning a career change within the same domain). admin on February 23, 2015 11:52 pm Hi, you have a perfectly good reason to pursue an MBA – yes it will give you a broader understanding of different managerial functions and concepts, widen your horizon and eventually help you pick up a wider set of responsibilities at work. Given that you are planning to stick to the medical field, you will ready takers at the end of the course – problems arise when people want to take a complete u-turn in their career which is a bit tough when you have stacked up considerable skills in one area (possible, but tough). Why don’t you consider moving out of India if that’s where the market for your skills exists? Maybe an MBA is not even needed then? Even if you do an MBA, you could consider pursuing it in US or Europe, where the pharma market is more evolved. Sriv on February 26, 2015 12:34 pm I am basically from Mechanical Engg Background with 7.5+ Years of Experience in IT/ITES industry Basically I am interested into stock markets from my 10th class and i trade with my mother’s money which has created the interest in the Capital Markets industry , So I wanted to join Investment Banking Operations to learn the markets and different areas which is connected with the Stock Markets , So I decided to start my carreer with the Investment Banking Operations inspite of different Education Background, I have joined TCS Eserve as Analyst , where i was offered with the profile of Securities Settlement Operations for the Global Investment Bank, It was smooth and life was comfortable which made me to do a lot of NCFM Certifictaions related to Capital Markets, But one fine day i felt I should move out of the Comfortable zone , and decided to enter into the IT industry with Operations Knowledge, I found that Software Development Companies not interested in taking the resources from Operations Back Ground So I decided to change my profile according to the Job Description and apply for it I had a Plans to move from Operations Background to functional Consultant profile in the next 5 years then I found difficult to do that because IT Companies is very much keen in taking resources with past COnsulting Experience, then I decided to Enter into the testing area , which i felt is the proper channel to reach my goal. So i decided to change my profile as per the JD’s and started my Job Search again, this time I am much focussed now to search for the job in Testing Services Side, which could be lay the path of becoming the functional consultant in the long run then I got the Oppurtunity to work in Syntel Inc in the areas of testing , now i am happy then more because i was put into the other side of my previous profile in the same Investment Banking Domain, I have put down my complete effort and learnt to the maximum , where i got the oppurtunity to travel to client site and do the Product implementation , but i missed out because i dont had passport, which had become big gap in my resume till date Finally I got the oppertunity to become Functional COnsultant but it doesnt last Long , I joined as Senior Functional COnsultant in Inautix Tech(BNY Mellon) , but my profile was changed to Developer , because of Project Unavailability , then i decided to Quit and search again for the JOb I dreamed of Last Finally I Got the oppurtunity to Join with the Oracle as Implementation Consultant I worked in the areas of Consulting, Product Implemetation, RFI Preparation, testing activity, Documentation, Training Activity and bit of presales and engaging with the Customer’s for requirements meet and Product Walk through , Designed a product flow process. some point in time i thought I was settled down and I felt the Profile has come to saturation point But again my Search is on and i need to get ready to fight the next battle, this time i am much matured then my previous attempts I am optimistic that I can push myself to the next Engine of growth, but my worries is I had a Carreer break in Education and Job combined to gether for 2.5 Years Why I want to do MBA: 1. To move to role’s which has bigger impact company wide with more recognition and pay check as well 2.I need to change my working area to the new area’s such as Digital Marketing , Direct Client Engagements or at Strategy level Roles 3.In the Long Run , My goal is build a company on my own which should address the consumer problems with the use of Next Gen Technology My question is: 1.whether this is the correct time to take up the MBA, If yes please let me know about one year MBA Program in india 2.Please let me know about the Course and college which will solve my requirement admin on March 4, 2015 12:01 pm Hi Sriv, In our view, you should first clearly chart out your career story going forward. Maybe you have become fixated on a certain profile and are not using the opportunities that are coming your way – life is hardly a highway to where we want to go and the twists and turns in the journey have their own contributions on making us ready to for the journey ahead and for helping us achieve our final goal. There are a lot of technical aspects to your question and it might be a good idea to first chat with someone senior from your industry to plan your journey out and understand whether you require an MBA at all – if yes, whether now or later. Then we can chat about which MBA is right for you. Given that you have 2.5 years of work experience, if you are targeting a one-year programme in India, you need to get more work experience. Jyoti on March 27, 2015 2:28 am I have converted XLRI GMP program. Below is my profile. XAT score: 98.61 10th – 87.4 12th – 69.4 Btech – 73.2 (UPTU) Workex – 5 years., worked with HCL technologies. I have to submit fees for General management program (GMP) by 6th april ,so I was wondering whether I should take the call or not? What is the average , median salary specifically for people with IT background in GMP program? Also, what is the minimum and maximum salary offered to people with IT background in GMP program? and should I go for GMP or not I also heard that people with around 5 years of experience are rejected in HR no matter how good their percentile is because of the overexperience! Is that true? because in that case I will have a very high probability of not being able to convert the HR call despite the percentile and keeping that in mind, should I go for GMP or not? admin on March 28, 2015 6:14 pm Hi Jyoti, Congrats, XLRI’s one year MBA is a good programme. Unfortunately GMP does not share salaries by verticals so can’t comment on that. The ‘overexperience’ issue you mention is something we are yet to come across in hiring in HR though we have seen it in FMCG companies who have becomes so used to hiring freshers over the years that many of them are yet to figure out systems to hire proper MBA talent that’s now being produced in India. FMCG routinely hires freshers from PGP/ PGDM programmes and then spends a fortune putting them through a mini-MBA through extensive management trainee programmes. These mindsets leave us perplexed. As a nation we hold on to established practices and traditions long after they have lost their purpose and often fail to understand that change is required for any improvement to take place. An industry person with work experience would be preferred as compared to a fresh MBM (PGP/ PGDM) graduate anywhere else in the world. We would recommend you to talk to a few HR people in companies you want to work at and check on their openness to lateral hiring. Joy Sebastin. J on April 2, 2015 11:34 pm Hi, I am a MBA(marketing) graduate from second grade b-school. Ug(B.Sc- Mathematics). Have scrored above 80% all through my education except Mba(6.7 CGPA). Working in Asian Paints for 4 years in sales. My ambition is to get into marketing which is not possible with my current MBA. Now, Consider I secured 700-750 in GMAT. 1. What will be the opportunity to get into marketing in FMCG companies? 2. Is there any consulting firms recruiting the guys who studied marketing in the so called big institutes? If so, what are firms taking marketing guys? what are their roles? 3.Which institute is good for a guys like me who has sales experience and wants to move towards senior management roles in marketing? 4.Which institute give best learning experience in marketing?(as well as placement).. 5.Is there people who come with fmcg sales experience and got into management roles? Kindly guide me. admin on April 6, 2015 7:54 pm Hey Joy, Congrats on working with Asian paints – its a good company. Here’s what we we advise: 1. People with non-FMCG backgrounds have faced issues cracking FMCG after a one-year MBA in India because of the lopsided hiring by these companies in India – they typically hire only at the entry level through pgp/ pgdm (MBM) programmes. Since you already have a background in FMCG, we don’t see that problem for you. People from one-year programmes at IIM A and ISB among others have joined FMCG companies in senior roles. Marketing roles in other companies should also open up for you. 2. Most MBAs are general management degrees and consulting companies do hire from from one-year MBA programmes. Roles change depending on the profile of the candidate – some students have reportedly been hired in retail consulting, supply chain consulting etc. 3. With a tentative score of 700+ – IIM B, IIM A and ISB should be some of the schools your should aspire to. ISB has god connects with marketing companies while IIM B has some of the best marketing faculty. Ramalo on April 18, 2015 7:59 pm Hi, I’m wondering if you could evaluate my profile for the 3 programs and provide your opinion for the most suitable one. I can’t decide whether a EPGP is right for me. Age- 28 GMAT- 710 Graduated in 2008 from a Cardiff Business School in UK with a degree in accounting and finance. Topped my degree in year one. My final year grade suffered as I had to skip almost 2 months of college because of my dadsillness. Ended up with an upper 2.1 degree. -planned on working in UK itself, post graduation, in order to gain some international work ex but had to move back to India because of my fathers death (2 weeks after end of college). In order to take care of family affairs, moving back was the only option. Since then have garnered 6.5 years experience of working in the business development and strategy division of a firm with interests across hydropower, textiles and education. The firm has revenue in excess of $100 million. Have worked across all 3 sectors. Started out working as an associate overseeing the development of a 5MW hydropower plant. This gave me a great insight into the workings of the infrastructure space in a developing country like India, where the lack of infrastructure is a major stumbling block. Moved next onto designing and implementing a plan for expanding the denim division within the cotton textile vertical. The expansion of the denim vertical division played a crucial role in providing a hedge to the textile business against the downturn in the other textile divisions (cotton yarn, woven fabrics, etc) during the post lehman crisis. Currently leading a team in implementing the expansion/diversification of the education vertical. The firm runs 4 B-schools and 1 higher secondary school in India. My idea was to diversify in the higher secondary space by utilizing the franchising model of expansion. The idea for diversification was my brainchild from the start. The projects at a very advanced stage of implementation with one school having already opened up and 15 MoU’s having already been signed. The financial benefits of the project have already started trickling in with the firm having received over INR 75 as signing up fee. I’m also the youngest at the firm in a senior managerial role. -Short term goal: to make a transition to a top tier management consulting firm. Coming up with a strategy and then executing it is something I do in my current role as well. As my short term goal I would like to work within the strategy consulting domain with focus on industries such as infrastructure and natural resources (in both I will be able to utilize my current skill set and build upon it) Thanks admin on April 29, 2015 9:57 pm Hi Ramalo, As far as consulting jobs go, they are achievable with a One Year MBA (EPGP) at IIM B. The domains you have worked in are quite specialized. Most top consulting firms in India hire freshers for the typical generalist consulting profile but often lack specialists who can consult for them in specific domains. Firms such as Technopack have made a business out of offering consulting in very specific domains and you should be able to find roles at top consulting firms if you plan on consulting in areas related to your experience. You could also post your question on the IIM B thread and get a perspective from some of the alums active there. NIKHIL NARAIN on May 16, 2015 9:17 pm Hi, Iam having 6 years of experience in State Bank of India. Currently, Iam Branch Manager of a mid level Branch. My Acads are as follows: Xth – 58.6 XIIth – 70 BBA – 62.1 I plan to take GMAT soon and expecting a score in 650-680 range. Considering my profile, do u think it is worthwhile applying for one year programmes of IIMA, B & C or ISB? admin on May 20, 2015 12:41 am Hi nikhil, your class X school marks are a bit of a red flag – this could be compensated for with a good GMAT score, but 650-680 won’t cut it. For ISB you will need 700-720+ to be competitive. You can always take a chance, but history points at the score we mentioned. Sathish on May 21, 2015 5:38 pm May I request you to evaluate my profile for the executive MBA program in IIMs/ISB? My academic profile is: MS (Elec) – 81% BE (CSE) – 73% XIIth – 87% Xth – 81% I have work experience of ~12.5 years in semiconductor domain, where my roles is to help chip designing engineer design high quality chips, faster & sooner. I had worked in companies like Infosys, Synopsys and Intel. Since my work profile is too technical and looking forward to get into roles of devising strategies/business development in the same industry, I feel EPGP program would be a way to meet my aspirations. I haven’t taken the GMAT exam. May I know what is the score that will put me on safe zone? Looking forward your inputs. admin on May 29, 2015 11:11 am Hi Sathish, There is no one year full time executive MBA at IIMs and ISB – along with unicorns, mickey mouse and Godzilla, their existence is purely in the realm of myth and less than accurate English More on this here – http://www.business-standard.com/article/management/don-t-mistake-it-for-an-executive-mba-113010300043_1.html and http://www.oneyearmba.co.in/3-questions-one-year-mba-grads-india-tired-answering-executive-mba-vs-one-year-mba-full-time-regular/ Now here is our evaluation on your chances for a MBA (one-year): School scores look good, there have been people with similar backgrounds at IIMs with work-ex in companies such as Bosch and NXP – its a fairly unique background and combined with a good GMAT score should get adequate interest from B-Schools such as IIMs, ISB, XLRI etc. The GMAT score you should try for would be 700-740 – its a safe range, but we feel you may even be able to convert some top schools with a 680, provided your work ex has ample stuff you can showcase. NIKHIL NARAIN on May 23, 2015 10:35 pm Thanks for your Response to my Query, Admin. I do realise that my acads will prove to be a hindrance in getting admission in Top three IIMs & ISB. Also, crossing the 700 mark is difficult for me in GMAT as I have a very hectic work schedule and get very little time to study. So, can you suggest other good colleges (in India providing 1 year MBA) looking at my profile. I have wide experience in almost all the facets of Banking including high value loans i.e. > INR 5 Cr. Post my MBA, I seek senior Management positions in Banking sector only. So would prefer campuses where Banking & Finance companies come for recruitment. admin on May 23, 2015 11:30 pm Sorry didn’t notice you were also considering IIMs. If you manage a 680 you could try your luck at A, B, C, I, L – if you have a strong enough work history you might be able to get through. ISB is a younger school and in order to raise its profile tends to favor students with higher GMAT as its a factor that matters on certain rankings – IIMs in our opinion seem to have more tolerance for a lower GMAT score as long as a students overall profile shines. IIM I specifically has built in some focused courses on BFSI and analytics in its curriculum and could be suitable for you. XLRI is another option among the top tier schools. NIKHIL NARAIN on May 24, 2015 2:06 pm Thanks for your comment, Admin. The biggest doubt cropping in my mind now is – is it worthwhile to quit my current job & go in for MBA from a not so descent college(I think XLRI’s , IIM I’s one year MBA falls into that category). Will it help in my career, will I get a good return on Investment in the long run? My current CTC is around INR 12 Lacs. How is S P Jain 1 year PGPM course? What is the actual average pay package there & do finance companies/Banks go there for recruitment? admin on May 31, 2015 2:46 am Hi Nikhil, Whether IIM I and XLRI suit your needs has to be decided by you – the data is as follows: IIM I’s average salary was 18.75 lakh in 2014 and XLRI’s average hovers around 16.75 to 18 lakh. That is within the range quoted by ISB and IIM C in certain years. 8-12 lakh is the typical incoming salary for most students at IIMs/ ISB/ XLRI – most students have been able to get 35% to 100% jumps after the MBA – a lot depends on the sector, the gap between the market rate and what you are drawing, your years of experience etc. More on this soon. Abhishek SIngh on June 8, 2015 2:13 pm Hi Disha, Thanks for providing with such an insightful article supported by some beautifully compared data. It duly helped me to resolve my skeptics on IIM’s One year course. I’m Planning to take GMAT this year and my profile is as follows: Work Ex.: 5 years as Project and Commercial Exec. at a Manufacturing maharatna PSU. Acads: CGPA: 8.04 (BITS Pilani) 12th(CBSE): 80.1 % 10th(CBSE): 72.8 % Pretty decent with extra curriculars: Basketball, College Sports rep. Is my candidature good enough to apply for IIM-A, B and ISB one year course? And how about applying to NUS MBA and NTU MBA as well ? Could you suggest me on what areas to work on to further build and make a strong profile for these BSchools. Thanks and Regards Abhishek admin on June 10, 2015 4:30 pm Hi Abhishek yes your profile looks good as far as academics go, but admissions for a One Year MBA is holistic – the quality of your work ex. and achievements will also count for a lot so focus on building these in the time you have. Your GMAT score will also determine your chances at IIMs, ISB, NTU and NUS etc. While the article covers quite a bit on IIMs and ISB, here is some info on NUS and NTU. National University of Singapore (NUS) Globally ranked 31 as per FT, MBA programme at NUS is a bit longer and is of 17 months duration. The MBA at NUS in 2016 is proposed to commence in August 2016. MBA programme fee at NUS is SGD 58000 (appx Indian Rs.27.31 lakhs). The admission application for MBA 2016 is proposed to open in the month of October, 2015. There is no application fee to apply for MBA programme at NUS. A minimum work experience of 2 years and a valid GMAT score of 680 would be required to explore admission in NUS. MBA abroad aspirants seeking admission at NUS also need to have TOEFL score of 100 or IELTS score of 6.5 if they have not done their bachelors’ degree in English medium. Nanyang Technological University-Nanyang Business School (NTU-NBS) Ranked 40th as per FT,MBA programme at NTU-NBS is of 12 months duration. The MBA at NBS in 2016 is proposed to commence in the end of July 2016. MBA programme fee at NUS is SGD 55000 (appx Indian Rs.22.89 lakhs).A minimum work experience of 2 years and a valid GMAT score between 600 to 670 would be required to explore admission in MBA programme at NTU-NBS. MBA abroad aspirants seeking admission at NBS need to have TOEFL score of 100 or IELTS score of 6.5 if they have not done their bachelors’ degree in English medium. Abhishek on June 11, 2015 4:55 pm Thanks a lot Disha. This was wonderful. I’ll work towards making a holistic profile. Aniketh Nair on June 13, 2015 2:19 pm Hi Disha, Thanks for the valuable insights you have highlighted between the IIM’s and ISB in your article. I am presently working as a Manager – Design in Tata Motors Ltd from past 1 year. Prior to this, I have worked for 6 years in Hyundai India R&D in Design and Engineering field. I plan to pursue MBA since I want to shift my role from technical to managerial. I am more interested in the automobile market research & strategy development. Academics are as follows : 1) B.E (Mech) from Pune university :- 63% 2) 12th :- 84% 3) 10th :- 80% I would like to know if my profile is suitable for 1 year MBA programme in either IIM’s or ISB, and what GMAT score should i target for in this pursuit? I would also like to know about the equivalent institutes outside India I can apply for. Thanks & Regards, Aniketh CK on June 15, 2015 11:24 am Hi Disha, Please find my below profile, •GPA – 8.4 / 10 ( First class with Distinction) UG Degree – Bachelor of Engineering from Anna university. •12th – 86 % •10th – 91% GMAT – 640 (Q47 and V30) , WE – Around 9.5 years in IT, with international experience. Will my profile competitive for IIM A and IIM B one year MBA. Should I retake GMAT to reach 700? Please let me know your suggestions. Thanks. Ankit Gupta on June 19, 2015 5:17 pm Hi Disha, Thanks for providing insights on the One year MBA programs in India offered by different B schools! I have around 9 years of experience in IT consulting & technology sector, currently working with TCS, having worked with HCL – T (2 yrs), CSC (3 years) & Global Logic (1 Year). I completed my B.Tech. degree with honors ( 81.33 %) – college topper, XII – 89.2 & X – 82.8 % My overall profile is on technical side with very little managerial experience. Can you advice me the minimum GMAT score I should target for IIM-B, C & ISB, SPJIMR and XLRI based on my profile ? Thanks! admin on June 24, 2015 5:36 pm Hi Ankit this is the site admin here. A specific GMAT score is impossible to specify based on data shared by you however a 700+ is the bare ‘safe’ score recommended if you are pool of IT, Indian, Male. if your profile is stellar in terms of accomplishments, you could get by with a 680+ at some of the schools such as XLRI, SPJIMR etc. KAPIL MAHESHWARI on June 24, 2015 6:18 pm I am working in Supply Chain since 5 -years. I am B.Tech from HBTi kanpur.A brief overview of my profile is: 5-years experience in Supply Chain(4-years in TATA Motors & 1 Year with Kohler India) B.Tech-70.78% 12th – 78.8% 10th – 83.4% I am planning for an MBA in Supply Chain. Any suggestions will be a great help to me. admin on June 25, 2015 1:24 am If you are looking for a course in India check out IIM U’s One Year Full Time Regular MBA in Supply Chain management. If you can consider going abroad, you have some specialized programmes available such as Michigan Ross School of Business’s One Year Masters in Supply Chain Management. KAPIL MAHESHWARI on June 26, 2015 11:45 am Thanks for the reply admin… Are their any specialized MBA programs in IIM for Supply Chain? For the Great Lakes, what is your take on that? Also, what is the best time for an MBA as I have just completed 5 years….. Kindly suggest as I am aggressively looking for the same….. Prakhar on July 3, 2015 8:38 pm Hi Must say,a well compiled article. Please review my profile X-88.2 CBSE XII-76.8 CBSE BS MARINE ENGINEERING,BITS PILANI-passout 2009 5 years experience (4 with Denmark based and 1 with Sweden based company), until 2014. Medals for sports at college level.Some NTSE certificates at school level. 2015 I quit my job. Started teaching at a coaching institute,participated in fashion show(won Mr.Popular title ).Recently joined ngo for teaching underprivileged children. Career goal – switch to a land job,preferably in operations. Kaushik on July 4, 2015 3:52 pm Hi, A nice article indeed. I came here looking for articles on 1 year MBA in google. Can you please comment on my chance in SP Jain, IIM-C ,ISB 10TH 73.5% (State Board) 12th 69.7% (State Board) B.tech 7.35/10 (Electrical Engineering) MS 3.583/4 (Electrical Engineering, Uni of California,Riverside) Work EX -5 yr 1 month (Gas Manufacturing / Telecom) 3yr2month – Industrual gases MNC (Linde ) – Role – Deputy Manager / Plant lead in Operations.Leadership role with many exciting experiences 1 yr 11 months – Engineering Role in RF Industry in USA. High complexity projects and handling team of 12 field engineers. Current- Entrepreneur. Partner with my cousin in Security system business. Extra-Curricular- 2yrs of NGO teaching & trainig Work in rural bengal over internet. Award- Merit certificate from Indian science Congress. – 11th Std. Appreciation – top performer in my first company . 100% increment in 3 years. Hobby- FX Trading GMAT -680 . (Attempting again hopefully to enter 700) Any chance to get interviews in any of the above 3 schools , especially in view of my 10 th and 12th score Best Regards Kaushik Guha Jai on July 5, 2015 9:52 am Hi Well .. just like every one here i too am looking at a 1 yr full time MBA … Reason being , unlike others, i am at the tip of the hill in terms of technical profile… I am leading a cross functional team to deliver a program . just a bit about me 10th – 70% 12th – 64% BE – 64% MS – 3.65 / 4 GPA MS + 15 yrs expereince in Automotive R&D 4 yrs work in US Current CTC – 20 + GMAT – 650 am looking to get into Strategy or Technical management. why MBA – to learn about financial and marketing aspects, and understand corporate strategy principles. Need advice on which college to choose … and if possible , why you suggest the same.. I am looking at IIM A or IIM B … ISB may not suit my experience … would you suggest an international MBA over an indian MBA ?? Cheers admin on July 11, 2015 5:35 pm With 20 years of work ex. you may be a bit too old to leverage a full time MBA. Not that it hasn’t been done in India before, but know that there will be challenges if you try and move away too much from your profile. Moving into general management roles in the domain you are already familiar with will be easier. IIM A and IIM B would be more suitable as compared to ISB. Yes, you could look at foreign B-Schools too such as IMD and INSEAD where the class age is older than the 5 years average you will find in USA. Here is an interesting article you should read by the way that talks about the right age of doing an MBA: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-22/the-best-age-to-go-to-business-school Sarita on July 31, 2015 1:59 am Hi Admin, I am preparing for GMAT. n looking for one year Full Time MBA Program. Below are my stats. 10th 85% 12th 79 % BSc ( Non Medical ) 64 % Work Exp – 6 Years 4.8 Years with IBM ( BPO ) – in Transactional Quality 1.4 Years as MIS Executive My major concern is my work experience, Will I be eligible to get an admission at ISB , my target to crack GMAT with at-least 700. If that will be considered , then what specialization I should choose further in MBA ? As I am totally clueless for now. Also there was a gap of 1 year between these two work ex i have added. Please help. Thanks Sarita krishna on August 19, 2015 11:03 pm hi admin, you are doing an excellent job by clarifying the doubts of the aspirants. i am requesting you to look at my profile. 10th: 80 12th: 93 B.Tech(CSE): 66 M.Tech(CSE): 70 very good in extra curricular activities: cricket, kabbadi, carroms etc and extended my service as president to two student clubs(elected unanimously), oganised many events etc I have enrolled in Ph.D Program in 2013 and completed pre-phd. Right now i am working as Asst.Manager in gramina bank and have a work experience of 2 years. please evaluate my profile for getting admission in ISB R1 batch I am awaiting for your reply. Thanks in advance. Sukrit on August 23, 2015 2:18 pm Hi, thoroughly impressed with your guidance and feedback for all the above queries. Please find my profile below:- Class X – 84% (2002) Class XII – 64.2% (2004) Engineering (Electrical) – 7.99 cgpa (2008) – CIEM MBA (Marketing) – 7.45 cgpa (2010) – Icfai Kolkata Currently with Hindalco Industries as Asst. Manager-Marketing with total work experience of approx 5.3 yrs. However facing difficulty in rising up the ladder with attractive package mainly due to absence of a degree from premier institute. Would it be wise to take a gmat and try for pgpx course from IIM? Can my profile be shortlisted with a proper GMAT score? Please advise. Somu on September 8, 2015 3:33 am Hello admin, I am CPSM certified procurement analyst and have 4+ years of experience. I have worked primarily as market research analyst for top 20 global pharma companies. I have 73% in 10th, 79% in 12th and 81% in btech ( bioinformatics). I have 3 years of gap before enginnering. I want to know : A) what would be the safe score for me to get select in isb or iimb? B) what are my chances for getting into consulting company post mba such as bcg or mck. ? Thanks Sabyasachi Das on November 10, 2015 7:52 am Hi Admin I have read the above posts and gain overall view. But in my case I am little confused.. I have x class marks-70.8% xii-64.8% B. tech in Biotechnology – 78.8%. After I have a one year job experience in a small firm. Then two years gap.. After that I have done M.E. from Jadavpur University – 65%. Then work as analyst in PwC for two years. Later join in Allahabad bank from February 2012. I have a question.. Am I eligible for one year MBA programme? First of all I want to study one year MBA programme from IIM or ISB.. Is it possible? Please guide me admin. I have very eager on your guidance.. Thanks in advance.. sanjay ray on November 12, 2015 11:13 pm baba eto change…..newys u can do 1 year mba there is no poblem but why u changed so many jobs lastly landing in bank??? SABYASACHI DAS on November 14, 2015 8:32 pm Thank you for your reply.. I was little bit confused to aim my career in early stage. But now I have total view for my future life for what I want to go. I want a good managerial profile in financial institution. I have a question If I want to go for ISB or IIM institute then which score range of GMAT score needed for qualify or at least get a call from this institutes. Please help me so that I can prepare myself properly. Nima on November 23, 2015 5:32 am I have got 60% in ssc 45% in hsc n graduation 55% one year job experience as an executive in small firm. I’m bit confuse about my career plans should I go for job or do gmat. Or if I have to do job for work experience for top bschool. Is top bschool consider bpo jobs like ibm n cognizant. Please reply admin abhishek on January 13, 2016 10:29 pm hi admin, Out of curiosity what kind of MBA does civil engineers having around 3-5 years opt for?Put it in other way,How realistic is it to go for MBA for a person from civil engineering background?Examples of any good profile with similar civil engineering background,..please? Aditya on January 22, 2016 5:27 pm Hi Admin, Thanks for the really valuable information indeed !! I wanted to evaluate my profile for 1 year MBA at ISB/IIM. Requesting you to have a look at my Profile. Class X: 82% Class XII: 77% Bachelors (Mechanical Engineering): 69% Masters from NIT (Mechanical Engg): 9.35/10 CGPA Total Work Experience: 5 years out of which, – Bosch: 2 years and 4 months (in Supply Chain Mangement, Between Bachelors & Masters degree) – GE: 2 years and 3 months (R&D Role, Product Design & Development) – Rolls-Royce: 5 months (System Engineering, Ongoing) I am planning to appear for GMAT very soon and hope to target score around 710 or 720. The reason behind doing MBA is to move from technical role to management role. Particularly related to the consulting and product management roles. Could you please suggest me the good college choice and chances of me getting into the same (As I have most recent experience into the technical related domain). Also the information related to pay offered for these roles? Bobby Joseph on March 30, 2016 11:23 pm What are the sectors in IT that I could move to or expect to get hired in after doing PGPEx. What schools should I target. I am a 31 year old Indian IT male. My short Bio: Close to 7 to seven years experience. Experience in software development & IT business development. Start up experience. What kind of roles can I expect to move to after completing the PGPEX programme. No experience in MNCs and no international work experience. I do not have experience in MNCs. Assume that getting 700+ will not be a problem. Class X – 82% , Class XII – 84% , B.Tech – 66.6. vinay on April 6, 2016 12:19 am Hi Admin, Greetings, need your advise. My profile is 10th = 72% , 12th 59.6 % , B-Tech (El& Com) : 75.1% (With Hons). Total 9 years of exp, out of 9 years I have nearly 4.5 Years of exp of onsite (worked @ client location USA, I am currently working as Sr. Project Lead in IT firm, got tons of achievement certificates from my Comp, I have done CSM as (certified scrum master). So can you please evaluate my profile and suggest me what GMAT score should I target to get admission in IIM B or IIM C or other lower rank IIMs. Thanks kris on May 3, 2016 11:18 am I am IT professional working in Bangalore with over 12yrs of experience. Initially, I had shortlisted SIBM-Bangalore or NMIMS, Bangalore to do executive MBA but dropped the idea based research done by me which doubt on Return Of Investment if done from these colleges/institutes. I also came across EPGP or some PG course from IIM-B but can’t afford to spent 22L or 15L. I also came across Executive General Management Program & General Management Programme for IT Executives. Will any of these program help me going towards leadership role in other companies? Please provide some inside. Ketan Singh on May 6, 2016 8:47 pm I am ketan completed b.tech (Food Technology) having 5 years of experience in operations and QMS planned to do a One year MBA And determined to continue in same sector (Food Manufacturing and FMCG) here i am giving you brief about me having modest scores in academics (10th – 78%, 12th – 67%, B.tech – 74%) experience comprises 2 year in India and 3 years in gulf here just give me an idea how much suitable candidature i have for this course from anywhere (IIM’s, ISB, XLRI’s) and also give me idea how to apply or how i should go for it from scratch mean what are requirements or exams need to crack to get admission in such courses. Regards Ketan Psychometric Profiling Tests Are Useful For: (choose one most appropriate answer) Deciding your career stream Deciding your MBA specialisation Self-improvement Convincing recruiters Useless Your E-Mail ID vote Most Read News Today Accreditation Can’t Beat Prejudice: Full Time MBA Status For IIMI’s EPGP Edited Out Rs 1.38 Crore Highest Salary: PGPX Beats PGP Hollow At IIM A 2015 Placements 16 lakh salary good for a 21 year old? A surprising answer on Quora Rs 1.1 Cr International, Rs 56 Lakh Domestic: the ‘High’ at IIM A PGPX 2014 Outlook’s 2014 Ranking of Best B-Schools for a One Year MBA IIM I’s 1 Year MBA Only Course To Bag Full Time MBA Accreditation By AMBA, UK IIM Bangalore launches 2015 one year MBA class IIM B vs IIM C vs ISB – Which one is right for you? GMAT vs CAT – the differences laid bare Tags AMBA Entrepreneurship EPGP Executive MBA France Full time MBA GMAT Great lakes Harvard IIM IIM A IIM Ahmedabad IIM B IIM Bangalore IIM C IIM Calcutta IIM I IIM Indore IIM L IIM Lucknow Indian school of business INSEAD, France IPMX ISB Masters in Business Management Masters in Management MBA MBA ranking MIM One year MBA one year MBA at IIM One year MBA at IIMs One year MBA in Europe One year MBA in India One year MBA in USA Oxford Said PGP PGPEX PGPM PGPX Placements Research Startups UK XLRI Founder's Desk April 7, 2015 0 Shikhar Mohan: 5 Reasons Behind the ‘Headlines with Numbers’ Epidemic March 29, 2015 3 IIN Grad Leaves IIM & IIT Grads in Dust – Bags Rs 1 Crore Domestic Salary at E-commerce Major February 28, 2015 0 A Golden Ticket to Creativity: Shikhar Mohan on ‘Cracking the Creativity Code’ LOGIN WITH About The World's No.1 Resource For News And Guidance on One Year MBA Programmes Most Commented December 5, 2013 121 IIM B vs IIM C vs ISB – Which one is right for you? October 2, 2014 104 Outlook’s 2014 Ranking of Best B-Schools for a One Year MBA September 28, 2013 52 The basics of One year full time MBA in India #7 – One year MBA vs two year pgp August 31, 2013 44 The basics of a One year MBA in India #1 – Executive MBA? No. India’s first globally accepted MBA? Yes. FIND US ON FACEBOOK About Advertise Contact Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Disclaimer {""enable-exit-intent-popup"":""true"",""cookie-duration"": "popup-selector"":""#popup-box-sxzw-2"",""popup-class"":""popupally-opened-sxzw-2"",""cookie-name"":""popupally-cookie-2"",""close-trigger"":"".popup-click-close-trigger-2""} Stay in touch! Signup and get updates directly in your mail! "
  ISB hikes fee for its one-year management programme | Business Standard News Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi , Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors News Stock Quote Authors Specials » BEducation » TopStories ISB hikes fee for its one-year management programme The programme is now the costliest in the country at upwards of Rs 25 lakh With the Indian School of Business (ISB) hiking fees for its one-year post graduate programme in management, the programme has now become the costliest in the country at upwards of Rs 25 lakh. ISB has revised its fee structure for the 2016-17 post graduate programme. For students who opt for shared accommodation on campus, the fee is Rs 25,43,700, which includes a non-refundable admission fee of Rs 2,50,000. For students opting for a studio accommodation, the fee goes up to Rs 26,74,800. Programme fee for the 2014-15 programme was at Rs 24 lakh. ISB did not reply to an email seeking reasons for the hike in fees. As compared to ISB's one year management programme, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad(IIM-A) charges Rs 24 lakh while IIM Bangalore's one year management programmes costs Rs 22,77,500 for shared accommodation and Rs 23,82,000 for family accomodation. IIM Bangalore admits 72 students for the programme. ISB offers its PGP programme concurrently at its Hyderabad and Mohali campuses through a common admissions and placement process. ISB, which accepts GMAT scores, has offered admission to 813 new students for the PGP class 2016 - 560 students at Hyderabad and 253 at its Mohali campus. Average domestic compensation package at ISB has increased from Rs 17.41 lakh to Rs 18.16 lakh for the 2015 placement seson. Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad also has increased its fee for its two-year post graduate programme in management. IIM Ahmedabad announced a fee hike of 11.44% for the 2015-17 batch for its postgraduate programmes in management and PG food and agribusiness management. The programme's fee has gone up from Rs 16.6 lakh to Rs 18.5 lakh. ""Inflation rates were high in past two years, with inflation around 10% per annum and 7-8% this year and is expected to be in the same range next year. The hike was logical,"" Ashish Nanda, director, IIM-A said earlier. ""IIM-A has not increased its fee for long duration programs for two years,"" he added. Fees for IIM-A's flagship course, Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) and PGP-Agribusiness Management (PGP-ABM) is up from the present Rs 16.6 lakh to Rs 18.5 lakh. While PGP-Executive (PGPX) course fee is raised from Rs 21.5 lakh to Rs 24 lakh for the batch commencing from April 2015. Kalpana Pathak Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Business Standard ISB hikes fee for its one-year management programme The programme is now the costliest in the country at upwards of Rs 25 lakh Kalpana Pathak | Mumbai July 24, 2015 Last Updated at 10:49 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy: http://mybs.in/2Rx2ZbS Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Executives from large companies join ISB course in manufacturing Is your demat account active? Telcos' payments banks eye Rs 14k cr of transaction fees IIM-A & ISB climb up, IIM-B slips on FT Global MBA rankings Whizzle Mobile launches app to connect local businesses With the Indian School of Business (ISB) hiking fees for its one-year post graduate programme in management, the programme has now become the costliest in the country at upwards of Rs 25 lakh. ISB has revised its fee structure for the 2016-17 post graduate programme. For students who opt for shared accommodation on campus, the fee is Rs 25,43,700, which includes a non-refundable admission fee of Rs 2,50,000. For students opting for a studio accommodation, the fee goes up to Rs 26,74,800. Programme fee for the 2014-15 programme was at Rs 24 lakh. ISB did not reply to an email seeking reasons for the hike in fees. As compared to ISB's one year management programme, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad(IIM-A) charges Rs 24 lakh while IIM Bangalore's one year management programmes costs Rs 22,77,500 for shared accommodation and Rs 23,82,000 for family accomodation. IIM Bangalore admits 72 students for the programme. ISB offers its PGP programme concurrently at its Hyderabad and Mohali campuses through a common admissions and placement process. ISB, which accepts GMAT scores, has offered admission to 813 new students for the PGP class 2016 - 560 students at Hyderabad and 253 at its Mohali campus. Average domestic compensation package at ISB has increased from Rs 17.41 lakh to Rs 18.16 lakh for the 2015 placement seson. Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad also has increased its fee for its two-year post graduate programme in management. IIM Ahmedabad announced a fee hike of 11.44% for the 2015-17 batch for its postgraduate programmes in management and PG food and agribusiness management. The programme's fee has gone up from Rs 16.6 lakh to Rs 18.5 lakh. ""Inflation rates were high in past two years, with inflation around 10% per annum and 7-8% this year and is expected to be in the same range next year. The hike was logical,"" Ashish Nanda, director, IIM-A said earlier. ""IIM-A has not increased its fee for long duration programs for two years,"" he added. Fees for IIM-A's flagship course, Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) and PGP-Agribusiness Management (PGP-ABM) is up from the present Rs 16.6 lakh to Rs 18.5 lakh. While PGP-Executive (PGPX) course fee is raised from Rs 21.5 lakh to Rs 24 lakh for the batch commencing from April 2015. Read More On Isb | Course Fees | Bschool | Specials | Topstories PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Educate a child in need for Rs. 800 every month Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Get advantage of both worlds with mutual funds MIT Sloan Executive Program in General Management Invest in mutual funds through SIP for your financial health Should You Rely Only on Your Corporate Health Insurance? Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 5 Investors, 50 Entrepreneurs, Instant funding Choose a mutual fund that strives for growth! MIT Sloan EPGM: Get Alumni benefits, Apply Now ISB hikes fee for its one-year management programme The programme is now the costliest in the country at upwards of Rs 25 lakh With the Indian School of Business (ISB) hiking fees for its one-year post graduate programme in management, the programme has now become the costliest in the country at upwards of Rs 25 lakh. With the Indian School of Business (ISB) hiking fees for its one-year post graduate programme in management, the programme has now become the costliest in the country at upwards of Rs 25 lakh. ISB has revised its fee structure for the 2016-17 post graduate programme. For students who opt for shared accommodation on campus, the fee is Rs 25,43,700, which includes a non-refundable admission fee of Rs 2,50,000. For students opting for a studio accommodation, the fee goes up to Rs 26,74,800. Programme fee for the 2014-15 programme was at Rs 24 lakh. ISB did not reply to an email seeking reasons for the hike in fees. As compared to ISB's one year management programme, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad(IIM-A) charges Rs 24 lakh while IIM Bangalore's one year management programmes costs Rs 22,77,500 for shared accommodation and Rs 23,82,000 for family accomodation. IIM Bangalore admits 72 students for the programme. ISB offers its PGP programme concurrently at its Hyderabad and Mohali campuses through a common admissions and placement process. ISB, which accepts GMAT scores, has offered admission to 813 new students for the PGP class 2016 - 560 students at Hyderabad and 253 at its Mohali campus. Average domestic compensation package at ISB has increased from Rs 17.41 lakh to Rs 18.16 lakh for the 2015 placement seson. Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad also has increased its fee for its two-year post graduate programme in management. IIM Ahmedabad announced a fee hike of 11.44% for the 2015-17 batch for its postgraduate programmes in management and PG food and agribusiness management. The programme's fee has gone up from Rs 16.6 lakh to Rs 18.5 lakh. ""Inflation rates were high in past two years, with inflation around 10% per annum and 7-8% this year and is expected to be in the same range next year. The hike was logical,"" Ashish Nanda, director, IIM-A said earlier. ""IIM-A has not increased its fee for long duration programs for two years,"" he added. Fees for IIM-A's flagship course, Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) and PGP-Agribusiness Management (PGP-ABM) is up from the present Rs 16.6 lakh to Rs 18.5 lakh. While PGP-Executive (PGPX) course fee is raised from Rs 21.5 lakh to Rs 24 lakh for the batch commencing from April 2015. Kalpana Pathak Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of ""Business Standard Premium Services"" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW : Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required. Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard "
  Indian School of Business - Wikipedia Indian School of Business From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search Indian School of Business The entrance to ISB's Hyderabad campus Motto ""Where Leaders Are Made"" Type Private business school Established 2001 ( 2001 ) Chairman Adi Godrej (2011-present) Dean Rajendra Srivastava Co-Founders Rajat Gupta and Anil Kumar Academic staff 49 Permanent Faculty 105 Visiting Faculty [1] Students 900 Location Mohali , Punjab 30°40'08.3""N 76°43'33.5""E Hyderabad , Telangana 17°26'07.6""N 78°20'26.7""E , India Campus Urban 260 acres (110 ha) (Hyderabad) 70 acres (28 ha) (Mohali) Colours Sky Blue Nickname ISB Website ISB .edu Indian School of Business (ISB), a private business school in India with campuses at Mohali , Punjab and Hyderabad , Telangana , is a non profit organization. [2] The school was founded by two senior executives of McKinsey & Company and is governed by a board comprising both Indian and non-Indian businessmen. ISB has been ranked 29th in the world in the 2016 Financial Times Global MBA Rankings. [3] It is the first business school in Indian subcontinent to be accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business . [4] However, ISB is not accredited by the Indian statutory body, the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). [5] ISB has chosen not to apply for accreditation by AICTE as it offers neither a diploma nor a degree. [6] In 2008, it became the youngest institution to find a place in global MBA rankings when it was ranked 20. [7] Indian School of Business accepts both GMAT and GRE scores for the admission process. Contents 1 History 2 Accreditation 3 Campuses 4 Courses offered 4.1 Post-Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) 4.2 Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals (PGPpro) 4.3 Post-Graduate Programme in Management for senior executives (PGPMAX) 4.4 ISB Certificate Programme for Business Analytics (CBA) 4.5 Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business (PGPMFAB) 4.6 Centre for Executive Education (CEE) 4.7 Fellow Programme in Management (FPM) 4.8 Young Leaders' Programme (YLP) 4.9 Management Programme in Public Policy (MPPP) 5 Student Clubs 6 Institutes 6.1 Max Institute of Healthcare Management 7 Scholarships 7.1 Diversity Scholarships 7.2 AIESEC Scholarship 7.3 Alumni Sponsored Scholarships 7.4 Corporate Scholarships 7.5 International Scholarships 8 Events 8.1 Equinox 8.2 Solstice 9 Rankings 10 References 11 External links History [ edit ] ISB was started in 1996 by a group of businessmen and academicians. Co-founders Rajat Gupta and Anil Kumar (both McKinsey & Company senior executives) worked together and directed teams of McKinsey consultants to start the school. First, the Executive Board was formed of national and international business leaders: Gupta recruited U.S. leaders while Kumar recruited Indian leaders. Next, ISB established formal partnerships with international business schools: Kumar recruited Wharton and Gupta recruited Kellogg . [8] Finally, Pramath Sinha, then a junior partner at McKinsey in India, was persuaded by Gupta and Kumar to take a leave of absence from McKinsey to be the school's first dean. Rajat Gupta became the school's first chairman and was succeeded by Adi Godrej as chairman in 2011. The State government was pivotal in sanctioning ISB's 260-acre campus in September 1998. The foundation stone for the campus was laid in Hyderabad in 1999 and was inaugurated by Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in 2001. [9] Accreditation [ edit ] ISB is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business . [10] AACSB is a non-profit membership organization that provides a quality certification to its member schools and their programs similar to EQUIS or AMBA . [11] This accreditation does not serve to establish an MBA equivalence for ISB's flagship Post Graduate Program (PGP) in Management. ISB is not accredited by the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) , [12] a statutory government body which accredits specific under-graduate and post-graduate programs. ISB has not applied for accreditation by AICTE as it is not a University and it does not offer either a degree or a diploma. [13] [14] Another reason for ISB not being keen on getting AICTE approval is that it wants to retain the flexibility in running its programs and in responding to changing industry needs. [15] However, because ISB PGP is not recognized as MBA or Post Graduate Degree/Diploma by AICTE unlike the PGDM offered by the IIMs , authorities outside India do not recognize ISB PGP as an equivalent of MBA and hence do not consider the same as Advanced degree . As an illustration, someone who has a four years bachelor's degree and one year ISB PGP would still be considered a Bachelor's degree holder by US Citizenship and Immigration Services for US Visa and Green Card purposes. [16] Campuses [ edit ] The Indian School of Business (ISB) has two campuses, one in Mohali (Punjab) and another in Hyderabad (Telangana). Mohali Campus Mohali Campus The Mohali campus (commenced operations on 14 April 2012) offers the ISB's flagship Post-Graduate Programme (PGP) and additional short term executive education programs. Design for the Mohali Campus was done by Perkins Eastman Architects led by Aaron Schwarz . The entire campus is wi-fi enabled. The academic block houses lecture theatres, faculty offices, faculty lounge, the learning resource centre (LRC) and the atrium plays host to a 500-seater auditorium besides a coffee shop (CCD). In addition, the campus also hosts four other research institutes: [17] Max Institute of Healthcare Management Bharti Institute of Public Policy Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Hyderabad Campus Hyderabad Campus The campus, one of the largest B-school campuses in Asia, was set up in 2001 and is spread across 260 acres. [18] The heart of the campus is the academic centre, which houses lecture theatres, classrooms, faculty offices, the learning resource centre (LRC) and a 500-seat auditorium. The campus also houses four Student Villages. Each Student Village can accommodate 130 to 210 students in a mix of four-bedroom and studio serviced apartments. [19] Courses offered [ edit ] Post-Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) [ edit ] The Post-Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) is a one-year, full-time residential programme. It is the flagship programme of ISB. ISB has been ranked 29th by the Financial Times in their 2016 rankings. [20] Student receiving PGP degree from Azim Premji during Graduation ceremony (2014). Dean Ajit Rangnekar standing next to Premji; Adi Godrej in the background. Graduation hats being tossed by fresh graduates in ISB Post Graduate Programme in Management for Working Professionals (PGPpro) [ edit ] A weekend Executive-MBA level programme designed to meet career consolidation goals of working professionals and business owners. [21] Post-Graduate Programme in Management for senior executives (PGPMAX) [ edit ] ISB's part-time management programme for senior executives is spread over 15 months. This programme is particularly useful to senior executives who are unable to take a sabbatical from work to attend the full-time programme. The course is equivalent to an Executive MBA programme and is designed on a schedule that minimizes disruption of work and personal pursuits. [22] ISB Certificate Programme for Business Analytics (CBA) [ edit ] The one-year ISB Certificate Programme in Business Analytics (CBA) was launched in collaboration with Biocon. The programme is a combination of classroom and technology aided learning platform. The curriculum consists of statistics, machine learning and contemporary analytics. [23] Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business (PGPMFAB) [ edit ] PGPMFAB has been specially designed to groom the younger generation of family-owned businesses for leadership. Centre for Executive Education (CEE) [ edit ] ISB offers executive education programmes for middle and senior management under three heads: [24] Open programmes: Research based short-duration courses focusing on select industry sectors General Management programmes: Designed for high performing executives identified for leadership roles Custom designed programmes: Catering to specific needs of an organization ISB is the academic partner for the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Women Entrepreneurs Certificate programme in India which provides management education to ""under-served women"". [25] Fellow Programme in Management (FPM) [ edit ] Fellow Programme in Management (FPM) was introduced in 2011. The course requires a dedicated 4–5 years of full-time study closely working with faculty guides and also pursuing independent research studies. As part of the programme, students go from learning basic disciplines of management, to completing area-specific coursework, publishing individual papers and finally submitting their dissertation. The ISB offers the FPM pragramme in Accounting, Financial Economics, Marketing Operations Management, Organisational Behaviour and Strategy. The ISB offers full fee waivers to all the admitted students and the scholarships are available during the first four years of studies (for a full 12 months) and renewed annually depending upon satisfactory academic standing. Young Leaders' Programme (YLP) [ edit ] YLP involves the selection of graduates for mentoring over a period of two years while they work after completing their graduation. These selected individuals are also awarded a scholarship of Rs 100,000 ($2000 approximately) during the course of the programme. These mentored students can join ISB once the mentoring duration of two years is completed successfully. 45 undergraduate students were selected as a part of YLP's first batch in 2011. YLP at Hyderabad includes IBS(Integrated Budgetary [Banking] System),IFS(Integrated Financing System) MIS (Management Information Service Marketing), MCS (Management Control System). [26] [27] Management Programme in Public Policy (MPPP) [ edit ] In April 2015 ISB started a highly innovative course in Public Policy. The MPPP is tailor-made for mid- career professionals both in the public and private sector. In April 2016, ISB completes the first Management Programme in Public Policy of its founding batch, and is ready to start the second batch. The programme has been developed by the ISB's Bharti Institute of Public Policy in consultation with one of the world’s leading public policy schools - The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy , Tufts University, USA. The course focuses on - Macroeconomic policy; Politics, government & public policy; Economic analysis & formulation of public policy; Public policy: theory & practice; Planning, budgeting, accounting and controlling; Public economics: Law, tax, and regulations; Regulating the financial service industry; Strategic management & administrative reforms; Theory & practice of negotiation; Agricultural & food policy; Financial management, international project finance, public sector finance & policy; Urban planning & governance; Corporate finance & Global financial markets; Environmental policy; Global diplomacy, India's foreign policy, Geopolitics & Security Studies. Course also spans across thematic areas through case work and guest lectures in the areas of Social Policy, Education, Skill Development, Employment, Healthcare, Energy Security, Manufacturing and Infrastructure. Apart from these full-time courses, there are guest lectures of leading management, policy, media and governance practitioners The full-time faculty engaged in the course by ISB include, Prof. Prajapati Trivedi , who is the Faculty Chair of the programme, Prof. Laurent Jacque, Prof. Shashi Tharoor, Prof. N.C.Saxena, Prof. Shyam Saran, Prof. Pradeep Singh, Prof. Balveer Arora, Prof. Phil Ulhmann, Prof. K P Krishnan, Prof. Lawrence A. Weiss, Prof.John Floretta, Prof. Jagan Shah, Prof. Bharat Ramaswamy, Prof. Ashwini Chattre and Prof. Dishan Kamdar, and a number of guest faculty including Shri. Vinod Rai, the former CAG of India. The students of the first founding batch have been drawn from the government, public sector and civil society organisations, having large experience of working on the policy issues at the ground. [28] Student Clubs [ edit ] The ISB community runs many professional clubs. The Graduate Student Board (GSB), the elected representatives of the ISB student body, coordinates and manages activities of the clubs. GSB organises conferences, talks by eminent guest speakers, and many other events, at ISB. The ISB currently has the following professional clubs: [29] Business Technology Club Consulting Club Emerging Markets Club Energy Club Entrepreneurship & VC Club Finance Club General Management Club Healthcare Club Manufacturing & Operations Club Marketing Club Media Club Net Impact Club Public Policy Club Srei Infrastructure Club Senior Executive Club Retail Club Women in Business Club Institutes [ edit ] There are four institutes at the ISB: Bharti Institute of Public Policy Max Institute of Healthcare Management Munjal Institute for Global Manufacturing Punj Lloyd Institute of Infrastructure Management Max Institute of Healthcare Management [ edit ] The Institute is affiliated to Wharton, Access Health International and D-Labs. Scholarships [ edit ] The Indian School of Business doubled the total outlay of student scholarships to ? 8 crore (US$1.2 million) for students last year. These scholarships are awarded on both merit and financial need basis to students, selected on the basis of academic and professional performance as well as personal qualities such as leadership, integrity, and community service. [30] [31] ISB alumnus bags scholarship worth ? 2.5 crore (US$370,000) – indiatoday.com [32] Diversity Scholarships [ edit ] In September 2012, ISB announced 40 diversity scholarships worth ? 2.5 crore, a part of ISB's total scholarship outlay worth Rs 8 crore approximately, for the PGP Class of 2014. These merit and need based scholarships will be awarded to professionals from various sectors of healthcare, government, social sector, hospitality, media, fashion as well as functions such as manufacturing, finance, technology, marketing and sales. All the applicants who apply for the one year post graduation programme of the ISB are eligible for the award. [33] [34] AIESEC Scholarship [ edit ] It's a 5 Lakh INR Merit based scholarship applicable only for AIESEC alumni. Alumni Sponsored Scholarships [ edit ] PGPMAX Class of 2012 Scholarship - INR 5 Lakhs. Need based. Only those with a family income of less than INR 10 lakhs per annum will be eligible. Applicants from Family Business, Entrepreneurial, Self Employed background are not eligible. Also, those who did their education or worked abroad will also not be considered. ISB Alumni Endowment fund - INR 8 - 10 lakhs. Merit based. All those who meet the merit criteria as decided by the Admissions Committee will receive it. Class of 2011 Scholarship - INR 4 lakhs. Need and Merit based. Only those with a family income of less INR 10 lakhs per annum will be eligible. Applicants from Family Business, Entrepreneurial, Self Employed background are not eligible. Also, those who did their education or worked abroad will also not be considered Corporate Scholarships [ edit ] Novartis - INR 4 Lakhs. Merit and need based.(For women who have completed their schooling from non 'A' class towns only. No interview included as a part of the process).Applicants from Family Business, Entrepreneurial, Self Employed background are not eligible. Also, those who did their education or worked abroad will also not be considered. Citi Scholar - INR 7.5 Lakhs. Merit based. Societe Generale - Full Tuition. Need based. Only those with a family income of less INR 5 lakhs per annum (or) Family income and Student's pre-ISB income of less than INR 10 Lakhs will only be considered. Applicants from Family Business, Entrepreneurial, Self Employed background are not eligible. Also, those who did their education or worked abroad will also not be considered. International Scholarships [ edit ] India Global Scholarship - Ten scholarships will be offered to applicants from ten different international geographic areas [35] Events [ edit ] As part of the curriculum and to provide a platform for students, alumni, industry and government, ISB hosts several national and international events throughout the year - from research conferences to application workshops, admission information sessions, speaker series, and more. Equinox [ edit ] Equinox, the annual alumni learning and networking event is an alumni learning event organized at Mohali campus and is a perfect balance of learning, and socializing, a signature combination of knowledge and fun. The event brings together alumni from various classes and top shot industry experts for an array of interactive workshops and keynote speaker sessions, fun activities such as drum circles, live performances etc. Solstice [ edit ] Solstice, an annual socio-business networking event at Hyderabad campus brings together ISB alumni from the corporate world and well-respected faculty across the years under one roof. Solstice provides a platform for Alumni to reconnect with class mates and professors, make new friends and forge lifelong friendships. ISB Leadership Summit (ILS) The ISB Leadership Summit, or the ILS, is the annual flagship event of the ISB's Graduate Student Association, that provides the students with an opportunity to interact with eminent business leaders. ILS aims to host some of the boldest, most innovative leadership thoughts from across countries and sectors. It brings together the best minds at the leading-edge of industry, policy and academics through focused and interactive debates. [36] The event has intellectually-stimulating discussions and experts are invited to speak on a variety of topics from marketing challenges in India to the advances in the pharmaceutical industry. Every year, a theme is decided by the ILS team along with the Dean and the President of the Graduate Student Body and eminent speakers are invited to talk on topics that link to the over arching theme. Several events, such as panel discussions, breakout sessions, shadow-a-leader are held during the course of this event, and is held for 1 day at Mohali and 2 days at the Hyderabad Campus of the ISB. Rankings [ edit ] Institute rankings Business – international QS (MBA-Asian) [37] 7 Financial Times (MBA) [38] 29 Business – India Business Today [39] 8 Hindustan Times [40] 5 The school's post graduate management program was ranked #29 in the world in the 2016 Financial Times Global MBA Rankings , dropping 1 place from 2014. [41] The program was ranked #29 in the world in the same rankings in 2016 Financial Times Global MBA Rankings 2016 , jumping 4 ranks from 2015. In 2008 ISB became the youngest and first Indian business school to break into the global top 20. In the QS Global 200 Business Schools Report the school was ranked #7 in the Asia-Pacific region for 2012. [37] In India, it was ranked fifth by the Hindustan Times India's top 50 business schools of 2011 and eighth by the Business Today 50 best business schools of 2012. Earlier, it had been ranked third in the Business India B-school survey in 2011 and fourth in the PaGaLGuY B-school rankings 2011. The school's Business Analytics Programme (CBA) is ranked No.1. by Analytics Vidhya, a knowledge portal for analytics. [42] References [ edit ] ^ Outstanding Faculty | Indian School of Business (ISB) . Isb.edu (2013-07-12). Retrieved on 2013-07-18. ^ http://www.isb.edu/about-isb ^ [1] . Global MBA Ranking 2016. Retrieved on 2016-05-19. ^ ISB becomes first B-school in South Asia to get AACSB accreditation . Business Standard (2011-12-05). Retrieved on 2013-07-18. ^ ""AICTE does not recognize ISB or its PGP"" . Deccan Herald, India. 27 October 2012 . Retrieved 20 June 2014 . ^ ""ISB has not applied for AICTE accreditation"" . Indian School of Business . Retrieved 20 June 2014 . ^ ""FT Rankings 2008"" . ^ ISB - The Mckinsey Brainchild . Consulting Network (2009-05-15). Retrieved on 2013-07-18. ^ Resource management need of the hour: PM , Hindu Business Line, HYDERABAD, 2 Dec. ^ School of Business gets AACSB accreditation , Economic Times, PTI 2 December 2011, 08.50pm IST ^ ""About AACSB"" . Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business . Retrieved 20 June 2014 . ^ ""ISB on the list of institutes unapproved by AICTE"" . The Times of India . 9 November 2012 . Retrieved 16 May 2014 . ^ ""ISB cannot offer MBA"" . Indian School of Business . Retrieved 21 June 2014 . ^ ""ISB PGP is not recognized by AICTE"" . Indian School of Business . Retrieved 21 June 2014 . ^ ""Harassment by AICTE: The saga continues"" . Livemint.com . Retrieved 21 June 2014 . ^ ""USCIS ruling on petition on ISB PGP equivalence"" (PDF) . United States Citizenship and Immigration Services. 4 October 2011. ^ Wharton business school to expand presence in India , Saumya Bhattacharya, Economic Times Bureau 5 Apr 2011 ^ Chanda Kochhar on board of ISB , Swati Bharadwaj-Chand, TNN 12 January 2010 ^ ""ISB Hyderabad Campus"" . ^ ft.com ^ http://indianexpress.com/article/education/isb-to-start-off-campus-management-programme2961310/ ^ ""PGPMAX"" . The Hindu . Chennai, India. 2009-12-07. ^ http://www.isb.edu/cba/programme-overview ^ Executive Education | Management Development Programs | Indian School of Business (ISB) . Isb.edu. Retrieved on 2013-07-18. ^ Goldman Sachs, ISB mentor women entrepreneurs , Business Standard, Komal Amit Gera / Chandigarh 28 Aug 2012 ^ ISB launches young leaders' programme , Business Standard, BS Reporter / Chennai/ Hyderabad 6 January 2011 ^ ISB selects 45 students for Young Leaders Programme , MSN News, retrieved 1 November 2012 ^ http://www.isb.edu/sites/default/files/MPPP-class-profile-batch1-2015.pdf ^ ""ISB Student Clubs"" . ^ [2] , Business Standard, Press Trust of India / New Delhi 6 October 2011 ^ [3] , Business World, BW Online Bureau, 12 October 2011 ^ http://www.indtoday.com/isb-alumnus-bags-scholarship-worth-rs-50-k-indtoday-com/ ^ ISB Announces Scholarships To Increase Student Diversity . Businessworld.in (2012-09-06). Retrieved on 2013-07-18. ^ ISB announces 40 scholarships worth Rs 2.5 crore - Rediff Getahead . Rediff.com (2012-09-06). Retrieved on 2013-07-18. ^ http://www.isb.edu/pgp/fees-financing/Scholarships/international-scholarships ^ ""ILS 2014"" . ils.isb.edu . Retrieved 2015-08-20 . ^ a b ""QS World University Rankings"" . QS Quacquarelli Symonds Limited. 2011 . Retrieved February 12, 2012 . ^ ""Global MBA Rankings 2013"" . Financial Times. 2013 . Retrieved 29 October 2013 . ^ ""The 50 best business schools"" . Business Today . 28 October 2012 . Retrieved 28 October 2012 . ^ ""India's top 50 business schools"" (jpg) . Hindustan Times . 30 August 2011 . Retrieved 26 December 2011 . ^ Global MBA Rankings 2015 ^ http://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2014/12/top-analytics-programs-india-2014-2015/ External links [ edit ] ISB Official Website Retrieved from "" https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Indian_School_of_Business&oldid=741888760 "" Categories : Schools in Hyderabad, India Mohali Business schools in India Hidden categories: Use Indian English from July 2015 All Wikipedia articles written in Indian English Use dmy dates from July 2015 Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages ?????? ????? ??? Norsk bokmål ?????? Edit links This page was last modified on 30 September 2016, at 08:50. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile view "
  ISB Hyderabad Indian School of Business | Deadlines, Fees, Essays - MBA Crystal Ball info [at] mbacrystalball [dot] com About Why we exist Our MBA Consultants Testimonials Beyond The MBA Hype Business Doctors GMAT GMAT Preparation Free GMAT Practice Test Best GMAT Books GMAT Official Guide OG GMAT Preparation Tips GMAT Verbal Tips GMAT Quantitative Tips GMAT AWA Essays GMAT Success Stories GMAT Forum GMAT Prep Material Online GMAT course B-Schools MBA Basics How to Get Started Best MBA Books B-School Rankings Admission Committee Business School Tips Business Schools Forum MBA Blog The Big Daddy List MBA Admissions Advice MBA Interview Tips MBA Financing MBA Scholarships MBA Consultants MBA Forums MBA Forum MBA Admissions Q&A MBA interview stories MS, MFE, MPhil, PhD MBA Humour Careers Career Options MBA Jobs & Careers Management Consulting Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Venture Capital Product Management Other Jobs & Careers Free Career Resources Career Guidance Business Strategy Game Supply Chain (SCM) Game Free Career Counselling Career Forum Free Consulting Career Check Case Interview Prep Careerizma Services MBA Help Profile Builder MBA MAP (Strategy) MBA Essays MBA Interviews SoP Review Career Help Career Counselling Personality Test ISB Hyderabad / Mohali | Indian School of Business | Deadlines, Fees, Essays ISB Hyderabad is a favourite destination for Indian aspirants. The city of Hyderabad is one of the biggest IT hubs in India. This means there would be ample post MBA placement opportunities to explore in and around Hyderabad. The Post Graduate Program (PGP) in Management is a one-year management program. Though ISB Hyderabad is just a decade old, it has shown rapid growth and is at par with international B-schools. It has been ranked 33rd in The Financial Times global MBA ranking 2015. The Post Graduate Program in Management (PGP) is a one-year management program that is intense though of a shorter duration compared to many US 2 year courses. It serves well for professionals who wish to have an MBA and the perks associated with it, without having to take a two-year long break from work. The program has a practical orientation and is not just classroom-based. The curriculum undergoes upgrading every year to maintain high standards. The campus is well-equipped with excellent facilities. The cost of living in India is not an additional burden as in case of other international MBA program where you have to set aside additional finances for the rent and day-to-day expense. The programs provide international exposure and students have been placed across diverse steams and have been recruited by top companies including McKinsey & Company. The ISB Mohali campus became functional in 2012. The intake for ISB Hyderabad is 561 while for Mohali it is 253 taking the total enrolment to 813. The average GMAT score for the class of 2016 is 700 and the average work experience is 4.7 years. The programs run in parallel on both the campuses. Students applying can mention their campus preference on the application. However students of either of the two campuses can opt for electives and choose to exchange campus during their elective term. ISB Hyderabad campus is spread across 260 acres. It begins with the pre-term and orientation courses which serve the purpose of helping students get acclimatised to the student life, culture, campus and city. This is followed by eight terms, each of six-week duration. The first four terms focus on the core subjects while the remaining terms cover the electives. There’s an International Student Exchange Programme which enables students to get a taste of international culture. ISB in partnership with 42 schools spread across the globe facilitates this international exchange program in which students from international programs are able to spend time on ISB campus and ISB students are able to go to these international partner schools. This cross-cultural interaction is mutually beneficial as it provides networking opportunities and provides a varied perspective about various business situations; it also helps develop a better understanding about the economy and business scenario in other geographical locations. The Outbound Exchange Program allows ISB students to spend two terms in any one of the international business schools. Though the students have to manage their travel and living expenses on their own, some perceive this as a great opportunity to spend time in a diverse cultural environment with opportunities to collaborate and explore career options. The Inbound Exchange program is meant for international candidates who wish to spend two terms at ISB to get an insight of the Indian economy. This international interaction helps students broaden their perspective by learning from their peers’ experiences. ISB Hyderabad Indian School of Business PGP ISB MBA course structure At the start, students have to undergo a three-day Leadership Development Program (LEAD) which focuses on an assessment of their strengths and identifying areas needing improvement. The five core courses which are covered during the first four terms include Finance, Strategy, Marketing, Operations and IT Management. During the last four terms, students can opt for electives of their choice. Students have over eighty electives to choose from. The Independent Study Programme (ISP) allows students to study topics that are not covered in the curriculum and are of interest to them under a faculty member. Inter Campus Exchange: During terms three and four, students from ISB Hyderabad and ISB Mohali are able to interchange campuses and benefit in terms of networking or local opportunities. ISB MBA class profile No. of full-time MBA students enrolled 813 Average GMAT 700 Average age of the students 27 Average work experience 56 months Tuition fees $40,000 Average domestic salary of MBA grads INR18,15,964 Website http://www.isb.edu/ e-mail pgpadmissions@isb.edu ISB MBA application process The online application needs to be completed with an application fee which varies depending on how early you submit your application. The fee is INR 5000 for early submission, INR 15,000 for a regular application deadline while it goes higher to INR 20,000 for late submission. The GMAT score, TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score (only if undergrad medium was other than English), two recommendations and completed MBA essays need to be submitted. Interviews are held at Delhi, Kolkata and Hyderabad. For international candidate, interviews are conducted over the phone. ISB Essays for PGP Learn how to write ISB essays to impress the Admisssons and secure a seat at ISB Hyderabad or Mohali campus. You’ll also find inspiring stories of folks who’ve cracked the ISB code. Don’t miss these ISB MBA Admission articles ISB Admissions Round 1 vs Round 2 deadlines (Tips from the official ISB Admissions Committee) ISB Admission with scholarship in third attempt ISB Hyderabad admission with low GMAT score of 610 International MBA program vs Indian MBA (read ISB Hyderabad) ISB Hyderabad Placements: MBA jobs at the Indian School of Business From GMAT score for ISB Hyderabad to interview: Bodhi’s success story ISB Hyderabad Blues: Indian School of Business MBA admissions Indian School of Business (ISB) – MBA Application Success Stories ISB YLP Young Leaders Program ISB Video Tips: Life to me is… | Unusual MBA Essays (Dropped this year) ISB Hyderabad Reapplicant’s strategy Free profile evaluation for ISB Get a free profile evaluation for ISB and free admissions advice on our ISB Hyderabad forum Hire us Whether it's career counselling or MBA application consulting, working with us could be among the most important career decisions you'll make. Send us an email: info [at] mbacrystalball [dot] com Freebies for you Free GMAT practice test Free profile evaluation Free career counselling GMAT preparation tips Free Career Guidance Tool Business Strategy Game G+ | Copyright © 2016 MBA Crystal Ball. All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions "
  IIMA vs ISB: 8 Key Differences that you should Know Store Deadlines MBA Research Interviews Funding MBA Application Top MBA Canada GMAT Tutorials Newsletter Contact Home » Business School Research » IIMA vs ISB: 8 Key Differences that you should Know IIMA vs ISB: 8 Key Differences that you should Know Business School Research Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad (IIMA) Indian School of Business Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIMA) was founded in 1967 by the Government of India in collaboration with business visionaries. Today, it has cult status among Indian B-school aspirants and has grown into an EQUIS-Accredited internationally recognized management institution. Indian School of Business (ISB) was founded by a group of eminent industrialists and academicians in association with Kellogg and Wharton. The first student intake was in 2001, and in just a decade, the school is now nipping at the heels of IIMA for the title of India’s best B-school in most international rankings. Although Indian B-schools rankings do not rate the AACSB-accredited ISB, students both in India and abroad have a fuzzy perception of how these two MBA behemoths compare with each other. Some say it is like comparing apples and oranges; which is partially true, but we have undertaken the challenging task of sizing them against each other. Do note that in India, MBA degrees can only be given by universities. That is why B-Schools here offer management diplomas equivalent to an MBA, and both IIM and ISB call theirs – PGP or Post Graduate Program. 1) Course duration The MBA program at ISB follows the European 1-year model whereas IIMA follows the US-style, 2-year MBA. Therefore, ISB demands a shorter career-break but IIMA requires a longer interruption of 2-years. Though ISB provides a minimum classroom contact of 680 hours, similar to US’ B-schools, IIMA’s course is obviously a more in-depth learning experience. 2) Class Profile Gone are the days when IIMA’s class would absorb 60% of students (Class of 2011) with less than 1 year of experience. The Class of 2015, for instance had 29% with 1-2 years of experience, 17% with less than 1 year of experience, and 25% with no experience, taking the total of IIMA students with less than 1-year experience to 42%, an 18% drop during a 5-year period. The corresponding figures for ISB tell a different tale altogether. For the class of 2015, ISB PGP class had an average 5 years of experience, proving that ISB is suited for experienced professionals who need a shorter more intensive management education. As for IIMA, it is longer, more extensive and is just right for candidates with less experience. Both the programs are Engineer heavy, with IIMA admitting 94% Engineers while ISB took in 75% - a clear indication that both the programs are suited for career switchers. When you compare the diversity of the background within the Engineering domain, ISB attracts a much diverse group (IT/ITES, Consulting, Banks, Oil/Energy, Manufacturing, and Telecom) while IIMA admits a more traditional group (IT/ITES, Industry, Consulting, Finance and PSU/Govt). 3) Admissions IIMA is considered as the world’s toughest MBA program to get into with a mind-boggling acceptance rate of just 0.1%. To squeeze your way into the hallowed gateways of this school you would need to be in the top 1 percentile in the CAT exam or if you’re an international candidate, a minimum GMAT score of 700. After filtering candidates through CAT and GMAT, a personal interview is conducted that is followed by a final selection that takes into account academics and work experience, with a higher privilege given to academic. Interestingly, IIMA treats any experience over 2 years as being equivalent to just 2 years. ISB, on the other hand, will only take in students with 2+ years’ experience. Exceptional candidates with less than 2 years’ of experience are given deferred admissions. A GMAT score is necessary, but there is no minimum requirement although the 700+ score among Indian candidates is a norm. The application process also mandates a thorough submission of personal, career and educational details, a few essays, and an interview. IIMA prefers younger candidates with strong academics while ISB goes for professionals with exceptional experience and proven leadership skills. 4) Careers Both IIMA and ISB hired most students for consulting with ISB slowly losing the percentage recruited in this job function from the highs of 36% in 2011 to 24% in 2014. The biggest gainer in this shift in recruiting pattern has been General Management, which attracted ....... ..... .... .... Download F1GMAT's IIMA vs ISB (Complete Analysis) (PDF) » F1GMAT's Blog 7331 reads Have a Question on MBA programs, Essays, Career Goals, or Admission Interview? Related Articles ISB PGP Placement Trends 2013: Consulting Most Popular Job Function & IT Industry Most Job Offers Interview with Heather O’Leary - Director of Admissions, UC Davis Graduate School of Management ISB MBA Deadlines 2014 3 Tips for Business School Campus Visit Interview with Dr Brigitte Nicoulaud - Director, MBA Programs at Aston Business School Cornell Johnson MBA Employment Report: Latest Trends in Salary & Job Function ISB PGP Admission Procedure, Process and Eligibility Criteria Winning MBA Essay Guide Comprehensive MBA Research Guide Essay Review Service MBA Admission Consulting MBA Admission Interview Guide Why Canada: A Complete Career Guide for MBA Applicants Mastering GMAT Critical Reasoning Essential GMAT Reading Comprehension Guide Deadlines MBA Research MBA Admission Interview MBA Funding GMAT Question Bank MBA Application Top MBA GMAT Prep(By City) GMAT 800 GMAT Study Plan GMAT Tips GMAT FAQ GMAT Score GMAT Preparation MBA Essay Tips Essay Review MBA Essay Tips Ask MBA Admission Experts Essay Review Ask MBA Admission Team MBA Admission Interview MBA Salary Inside MBA Business School Profiles GMAT Tutorials Contact Follow F1GMAT Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus Copyright © ByteFive Info Solutions Pvt. Ltd Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Team GMAT is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council. F1GMAT is not affiliated to GMAC Name * Email Address(Get Post-MBA Trends, MBA Application Essay Tips & Funding Information in your Inbox) Interested MBA Programs * Harvard Stanford Wharton Kellogg MIT Columbia NYU Stern Insead London Business School Chicago Booth Interested in * GMAT Preparation Business School Research MBA Application Essay Tips MBA Admission Interview Tips MBA Scholarships and Funding Options Close *Easy Unsubscribe "
  ISB Hyderabad Admissions, Eligibility Toggle navigation Indian School of Business, (ISB) Hyderabad - Admissions, Eligibility ISB Introduction The Indian School of Business (ISB) is a private business school founded in 2001 by two senior executives of McKinsey & Company, Rajat Gupta and Anil Kumar. ISB is the first business school in India to be accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB).However, ISB is not accredited by the Indian statutory body, the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) as ISB has chosen not to apply for its accreditation. ISB has been ranked 33rd in the world in the 2015 Financial Times Global MBA Rankings. ISB offers the following programs: Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) An incisive one-year programme designed for mid-career professionals. Post Graduate Programme In Management for Senior Executives (PGPMAX) Targeted at high-calibre senior executives and business owners, with 10 to 25 years of work experience involving extensive managerial responsibility. Fellow Programme in Management (FPM) Designed for individuals who have a passion for research and learning and are keen to pursue an academic career. Management Programme for Family Business (MFAB) A comprehensive general management programme designed for young business leaders of family businesses who intend to manage their business. Executive Education Programmes Programmes for working professionals that are designed to provide timely learning interventions that help them progress in their careers. Getting into ISB Hyderabad ISB Results Accepted For PGP GMAT ( TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score required only if the language of instruction at undergraduate study level was not English) For PGPMAX Application Based For FPM GMAT / GRE / CAT / GATE / JRF ( TOEFL score report, for applicants whose language of instruction at the undergraduate level is not English ) For MFAB Business Administration Test (BAT) ISB Eligibility Eligibility for PGP The candidate must hold a Bachelors degree or equivalent in any discipline The candidate must have at least 24 months of full time post-qualification work experience as of March 31 of that year. Eligibility for PGPMAX The candidate should have a bachelor’s degree or an equivalent qualification in any discipline. An equivalent qualification will be determined by the Admission Committee of the programme and will include the likes of CA, ICWA, etc. The candidate should possess a minimum of 10 years of full-time work experience as on date of submitting the application (desired experience is closer to 15 or more years). Eligibility for FPM Candidates must hold a university degree from an accredited academic institution. Applicants typically should have an undergraduate/postgraduate degree in areas such as business, economics, engineering, computer sciences, mathematics, physics or the arts. Eligibility for MFAB The candidates should have completed the Bachelors Degree or an equivalent qualification (like CA etc.) at the time of submitting the application. No work experience is required for admission. However, the ISB strongly feels that an experience of 4-5 years will add a lot of value ISB Admission Procedure For PGP There are 2 stages that a candidate goes through before getting selected for MBA Programme. Candidates are required to appear for theGMAT exam. Candidates are shortlisted based on their performance in the exam. The shortlisted candidates are called for a round of Personal Interview. Based on their performance in the interview the selected candidates are offered a seat at ISB. For PGPMAX Applications are invited based on which a candidateis shortlisted. Shortlisted candidates will be called for a round of Personal Interview. Interviews will be held in person whenever possible and may be conducted via teleconference or video conference facilities in some cases. For FPM Applications are invited from the interested candidates. The Admissions Committee reviews these applications in the month of March. The candidates are offered admission to the FPM program based on the application itself. Though, some candidates may be called for an interview in order to get more clarity about their application. For MFAB Applications are invited based on which a candidate is shortlisted. The shortlisted candidates are called for a round of Personal Interview. Based on their performance in the interview and the BAT exam the selected candidates are offered a seat at ISB. ISB Eligibility and Selection Criteria For PGP There are no cutoff marks for either the academic credentials or the GMAT score for selection in PGP at ISB. The admissions committee “holistically evaluates” the candidates based on the parameters specified below. Leadership Potential The candidate’s leadership potential in a professional setting is gauged based on the impact the candidate has made in their professional and academic life. This facet is evaluated on the basis of the initiatives that the candidate has taken in his academic and professional life and his career growth. Diversity Diversity of various forms like work experience, educational background, nationality etc. are encouraged in the PGP programme. Academic Credentials Candidate’s past academic performance and the GMAT score is taken in consideration to understand the candidate’s potential to excel and outperform in a rigorous environment. However, as mentioned above no “cut off” criteria is applied to either the academic credentials or the GMAT score.The average GMAT score of the class of 2014 was 710. More Info at : http://www.isb.edu/pgp/admissions/selection-criteria ISB Fees The most recently revised fees of ISB Hyderabadis tabulated below (as on May'15) Program Fees PGP Rs. 25.44 lakhs PGPMAX Rs. 33.95 lakhs MFAB Rs. 33.70 lakhs FPM students are offered living expenses in the form of monthly stipend ofRs. 40,000 per month. Inside ISB Hyderabad ISB Diversity The following data of the PGP batchportrays the diversity at ISB. Gender Diversity The following graph depicts the gender diversity of the 2015-16 batches at both the ISB campuses. Academic Background Diversity Work Experience Based Diversity Students with work experience ranging from 2 - 14 years are a part of the 2015-16 PGP batch of ISB. The average work experience is 4.7 years at both the campuses. ISB Final Placements The batch of 2013-14 comprised of 766 students across Hyderabad and Mohali. The 2014 placements saw an 8% increase in the total number of offers. The average age of the batch was 27 years. Final Placements of 2015 at a glance 2013 - 2014 Total No. of Students Participating 766 Total No. of Companies 350 Total No. of Offers 884 80% Mean Salary 18.15 LPA 80% Median Salary 18.00 LPA The following is the function-wise break up of the placements. More info at : http://media.careerlauncher.com/mba/bschool/bschools/isb/Placement_Report2014_0.pdf Disclaimer: The analysis given above has been prepared by Career Launcher experts. The information given here has no bearing on your actual score. Career Launcher does not take responsibility for any discrepancy between information in this document and actual result. Notable ISB Alumni Ravinder Singh Author Shriprakash R Pandey Chairman and Managing Director of Commtel Networks Viren Wilfred Rasquinha Former Captain, National Field Hockey Team of India For more info , please visit www.isb.edu "
  PGP in Management from ISB - Princeton Review India | Manya Toggle navigation Home About Us Contact Us Blog Franchise We Are Hiring Center Locator Batch Plan Call Us For Free Enquire Now Online Courses Know More Enroll Now Search Admission Consulting Study Abroad Courses Admissions Counseling Services University Selection Application Assistance - Essay/SOP/Resume Editing Visa Counseling Partner Universities TEST PREPARATION GRE GMAT SAT/SAT-II/New SAT ACT PSAT AP (Advanced Placement) TOEFL IELTS IELTS Spoken English Online Courses Previous Next Admission Consulting Courses Study Abroad Admissions Counseling Services University Selection Application Assistance - Essay/SOP/Resume Editing Visa Counseling Partner Universities Courses Menu MBA In India Undergraduate MS PHD MBA MBA Placements by Manya Group Financial Assistance Undergraduate Undergraduate courses Undergraduate Admission process How to apply for UG abroad Manya UG Students studying abroad Profile enhancement undergraduate UG in India MS MS courses How to apply for MS abroad When to apply for MS Abroad MS Abroad admission process MS Abroad entrance Exams MS Abroad Admission Consulting Top destination/universities for MS Manya MS Students studying abroad Profile enhancement masters PHD PhD Program Eligibility How to apply for PhD Abroad PhD Preparation PhD Abroad Admission Consulting Top destination/universities for PhD abroad When to apply for PhD Manya PhD Students studying abroad Profile enhancement PhD MBA Why MBA? Types of MBA MBA Abroad Requirements How to apply for MBA in Abroad When to apply for MBA in Abroad MBA Application process MBA Abroad Career Business MBA specializations Do MBA abroad MBA Abroad without GMAT 1 year MBA Abroad MBA Admissions Profile career enhancement MBA Top MBA Destinations MBA In India About MBA India Top MBA Colleges in India MBA in India with GMAT GMAT versus CAT MBA in India Admissions IIM Admission IIM Courses About ISB ISB Courses ISB application process ISB application assistance PGP ISB ISB Scholarship MBA Entrance Exams Executive MBA in India Part-Time MBA Programs in India MBA Placements by Manya Group Admits 2014 MBA Placement Data Financial Assistance ENQUIRE NOW CALL US FOR FREE PGP in Management The ISB has different deadlines for Indian and international applicants. By international applicants, we mean applicants who hold non-Indian passports. For Indian Passport Holders Cycle 1 Cycle 2 Early Entry Option Application Deadline 15-Sep-13 30-Nov-13 15-Jan-14 Offer Date 15-Nov-13 15-Feb-14 31-Mar-14 Acceptance Date 15 days from the date of the offer 15 days from the date of the offer 15 days from the date of the offer For Non-Indian Passport Holders Cycle Application Deadline 15-Jan-14 Offer Date 31-Mar-14 Application Deadline for Early Entry Option candidates is the same as the main cycle Admission prerequisites ISB believes in a diverse and vibrant learning environment. Therefore, the School recruits students from varied educational and cultural backgrounds. To be eligible for admission to ISB you need to have: A Bachelor’s degree in any discipline. Preferably two years of full-time work experience after graduation. Exceptional candidates, with less work experience, will be considered for deferred admission. GMAT score < TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score, only if language of instruction during undergraduate education was not English. Selection Criteria Each one of you is unique for us at the ISB. However, to give yourself that extra edge, there are a few parameters which you could highlight through the application form so that you stand out. Leadership Potential Applicants who have consistently demonstrated an ability to take up initiatives in their work or academic life are encouraged to apply. This is assessed through recommendations or references you provide in the application. You must include recent recommendations from the current workplace, preferably from the direct supervisor. While most of you may not have had a chance to demonstrate leadership skills at the public level, so initiatives at work or in personal life will help the Admissions Committee assess your potential. Diversity The ISB welcomes diversity in all forms like work experience, educational background, nationality among others. But above all, the School values the quality of the work experience you have gained against the number of years you have worked in a certain sector. Academic Background/Analytical Ability The Post Graduate Programme (PGP) at ISB is rigorous. The one-year duration makes it even more challenging. Therefore, the evaluation keenly considers your academic performance. However, ISB does not restrict candidates by “cut off” criteria. We also assess analytical ability based on the GMAT score. While a good GMAT score helps, ISB does not have a cut off for the GMAT. An average score, for instance, can be compensated by achievements in other areas. Work Experience The School prefers applicants with at least two years of work experiences. However, exceptional candidates with lesser experience will be considered for a deferred admission. We are specifically interested in how you have contributed to the organisation or added value to your professional roles. The Admissions Committee will evaluate all applications based on the above guidelines. Candidates who have been shortlisted will be interviewed in the next step of the selection process. Tuition Fees The estimated fee for Indian School of Business (ISB) is $40,000 USD ADMISSION CONSULTING Study Destinations University Selection Application Assistance Interview Preparation COUNSELING SERVICES Admission Counseling Services Partner Universities TEST PREPARATION GRE GMAT SAT/SAT-II ACT PSAT ABOUT US Overview Vision Leadership Board of Directors Media Coverage Community Institutional Tie Ups INDIA: Bengaluru | Chandigarh | Chennai | Coimbatore | Dehradun | Delhi | Gurgaon | Guwahati | Hyderabad | Jaipur | Kochi | Kolkata | Lucknow | Ludhiana | Mangaluru | Manipal | Mysore | Noida | Vellore | Vijayawada | Visakhapatnam | Trichy | Warangal | Copyright © Manya Group 2015. All Rights Reserved Sitemap | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Follow us on: info@manyagroup.com 1-800-102-4646 Get in touch First Name Last Name Email Mobile No. +91 Select program Select program Admission Consulting GMAT Classroom GMAT Live Online GMAT Online GRE Classroom GRE Online SAT ACT AP PSAT LSAT-India IELTS IELTS Spoken English TOEFL City Select City Chandigarh Ludhiana City Select City Bangalore Chandigarh Chennai Coimbatore Dehradun Delhi / NCR Gurgaon Guwahati Hyderabad Jaipur Kochi Kolkata Lucknow Mangalore Mysore Trichy Vellore Vijaywada Vishakapatnam Warangal select state Andaman and Nicobar Islands Andhra Pradesh Arunachal Pradesh Assam Bihar Chandigarh Chhattisgarh Dadra and Nagar Haveli Daman and Diu Delhi Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Lakshadweep Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Odisha Puducherry Punjab Rajasthan Sikkim Tamil Nadu Telengana Tripura Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand West Bengal Submit × Know more (for GRE Classroom) Ranked the #1 GRE course by Rankings.com Score-improvement based curriculum GRE concepts taught with focused practice in each class Weekday and weekend options available 6 month access to Student Portal Refresher sessions at no extra cost Vocabulary sessions during the course Feedback for tests Course taught by Certified teachers Close × Know more (for GRE 1-on-1) Personal 1 to 1 attention Customized sessions to suit your GRE prep needs Flexible schedule Option of in-home tutoring 6 month access to Student Portal Course taught by certified teachers Close × Know more (for GRE Online) Learning at your own pace Study guide to plan your prep 6 month access to Student Portal Access to certified teachers for 6 months post-enrollment 8 hours of doubt clarification sessions 24 hours of videos for strategies for each question type Close "
  ISB Class of 2017 Aspirants home MBA arrow_drop_down MBA All about MBA - India / International Bank PO All about Banking Jobs - IBPS, SBI and more SSC Government Jobs – CGL, CHSL and more Engineering UG JEE, State Exams and more Engineering PG GATE, State M.Tech Exams and more UPSC CSE (IAS, IFS etc), CDS, NDA, CAPF, IES (Eng) Jobs and Careers Job Opportunities and career paths search Sign Up Log In Sign Up / Login ISB Hyderabad Indian School of Business, Hyderabad · 100 Discussions home MBA MBA Colleges ISB Hyderabad ISB Class of 2017 Aspirants ISB Class of 2017 Aspirants Updated just now . 3K+ Posts 4K+ Members Group Info Follow Description This for all those people who wish to apply to ISB in 2015.&nbsp;This is also for reapplicant a who wish to start early and understand what went wrong.https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1epmSSP0zsZl-vV7XtuJDVN0myGXd5af_CCQPLG3Ba3k/edit?usp... Read More.. Type here.. playlist_add Add Options Post Page 1 of 276 Arindam RoyChowdhury @arcray access_time 19 Oct, 16 2h what is cycle 1 and cycle 2? How are people chosen in these two catagories ? reply favorite_border star_border Sagar Kalra @SagarKalra · 2h Its totally random as per ISB. Though there are a lot fo rumours regarding this procedure reply favorite_border Write a comment.. Sagar Kalra @SagarKalra access_time 19 Oct, 16 1m Hi All, My application status on ISB portal changed from Application Submitted Online to Application Completed today. According to ISB portal, first the application is checked for completion and then it is reviewed. Can someone share light on t... Read More.. reply favorite_border star_border Load more comments 2 of 8 @KingOfAllur @KingOfAllur · 1h Probably they are going to review your profile in the next couple of days. Be ready for an interview invite. Mine is not yet showing completed although I submitted on 12th and reco also done. reply favorite_border Sagar Kalra @SagarKalra · 1m @KingOfAllur : I hope so too. But you never know what pattern are they following. All that matters is a call reply favorite_border Write a comment.. @piyush.behera @piyush.behera access_time 18 Oct, 16 1d what is the last date to take gmat for round 2 isb applications reply favorite_border star_border Load more comments 2 of 3 @piyush.behera @piyush.behera · 1d I guess the last date to apply for round 2 is 15th Jan 2017. Is it the same for taking GMAT? reply favorite_border Anand Chandrasekharan @anand.ch89 · 1d yes reply favorite_border Write a comment.. Diptesh Saha @diptesh04 access_time 17 Oct, 16 1d Want to stay updated with the latest news, but bored of the 32-size bold fonts?? Get news in a fun way!! Install via this link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysnippt.snippt&referrer=30311328 News was never so fun!! reply favorite_border star_border Write a comment.. Sunith Surendran @ss_12345 access_time 17 Oct, 16 2h Hi! Would highly appreciate if someone could evaluate my profile. I am a media planning professional with about more than 5 years of work experience in the media planning industry and have a total work experience of about 8 years across other ... Read More.. reply favorite_border star_border Arijit Biswas @ISB_Admissions · 13h Hi Sunith - Thanks for sharing your profile. From the details you have mentioned, it definitely seems that you have diverse experiences. However, what is important is how you portray them in your application. How do you tie in everything that yo... Read More.. reply favorite 1 Sunith Surendran @ss_12345 · 2h Thanks Arijit! reply favorite_border Write a comment.. @SwappyB @SwappyB access_time 17 Oct, 16 18h Hi, I received the mail today that I have been short-listed under the “Early Decision category”. I need to communicate whether I want a personal interview in Hyd or online interview via Skype, by tomorrow. I submitted the application on Friday... Read More.. reply favorite 5 star_border Load more comments 2 of 9 Sudarshan Reddy @drashi17 · 1d @SwappyB congrats and all the best, keep posting your experiences reply favorite_border @rahul_bapi1 @rahul_bapi1 · 18h # reply favorite_border Write a comment.. ISBmantra.com @ISBmantra.com access_time 17 Oct, 16 1d Good number of interview calls given out under the Early Decision Category. On our set of applicants, candidates with as less as 660 have also been invited for the Early Decision. Candidates are offered to take the interview on Skype or travel to ... Read More.. The only company with Former ISB Admissions Officials on Board | Call: 1800-3070-3111 reply favorite_border star_border Load more comments 2 of 9 Sagar Kalra @SagarKalra · 1d @ISBmantra.com : Are the calls still pouring in . reply favorite_border Sagar Kalra @SagarKalra · 1d @ISBmantra.com : As far as i know the cycle 1 interviews will go on from 22nd oct to 4th november and the result will be declared on 10th november, and the cycle 2 interviews will go on from 10th Nov to 30th Nov and the results will be declared ... Read More.. reply favorite_border Write a comment.. @hv15101991 @hv15101991 access_time 17 Oct, 16 1d Acad X :69 12 th:77 Be : 62 Work exp : 28 months Can I expect a call if I get GMAT : 730 please help reply favorite_border star_border Load more comments 2 of 7 @Pink_Passport @Pink_Passport · 1d Why not? Obvioulsy you do. Just give your best shot reply favorite_border @hv15101991 @hv15101991 · 1d @hv15101991 thanks a lot :) reply favorite_border Write a comment.. @KingOfAllur @KingOfAllur access_time 17 Oct, 16 1d Please post here if anyone recieves an interview call, would be really helpful to the others. Also, please let us know about the location. reply favorite_border star_border @SwappyB @SwappyB · 1d Hi, I received the shortlisting mail today just an hour back, I need to communicate whether I want a personal interview in Hyd or online interview via Skype, by tomorrow. reply favorite_border @KingOfAllur @KingOfAllur · 1d @SwappyB Congrats :) reply favorite_border Write a comment.. @SwappyB @SwappyB access_time 17 Oct, 16 1d Has anyone received an early interview call? reply favorite_border star_border Load more comments 2 of 5 @SwappyB @SwappyB · 1d Hi, I received the shortlisting mail today, I need to communicate whether I want a personal interview in Hyd or online interview via Skype, by tomorrow. reply favorite_border @KingOfAllur @KingOfAllur · 1d @SwappyB EEO or General? reply favorite_border Write a comment.. Get Access anywhere, anytime on your mobile Download PaGaLGuY's Android App to get easy access to your groups and more. android ANDROID Prepare for RBI, CAT, SSC and IBPS exams with our learning app – Prepathon. android ANDROID Learn More MBA Exams Colleges in India News Study Abroad One Year MBA GMAT 2016 GRE 2016 BANK PO Exams SSC Exams SSC - CGL JE (Civil & Elect) 2016 Engineering Undergraduate Exams Colleges UPSC Exams News Other Links Jobs & Careers PaGaLGuY Weekly Digest Get weekly GK, Current Affairs and Quiz updates in your Inbox. Socialize Contact Us call (+91)22-2402-2402 mail info@pagalguy.com Know More About Us Advertise Careers Contact Us Terms and Privacy © 2016. An Inzane Labs Production. "
 Indian School of Business admissions 2017: Apply for PGP in Management : Notification INDIA TODAY GROUP India Today Aaj Tak Business Today Men's Health Wonder Woman Cosmopolitan Oye! 104.8FM Bag it Today Advertisement News Notification Quiz Career Options Career Match Government Jobs Current Affairs Online Courses Notification Story IndiaToday.in New Delhi, July 25, 2016 | UPDATED 18:11 IST Indian School of Business admissions 2017: Apply for PGP in Management The Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad has released an admission notification, inviting applications for its one-year PG programme (PGP) in management. The candidates are required to apply at its official website. Apply for PGP in Management RELATED STORIES Pondicherry University admissions 2016: Apply for Distance MBA courses KMAT Exam 2016 to be held tomorrow, check out important exam details here SSC CHSL 2015 results delayed, no new dates notified RRB NTPC Examination 2016: Results expected in August The Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad has released an admission notification, inviting applications from interested, eligible candidates to apply for its one-year PG programme (PGP) in management for the commencing academic session 2017-18. Eligibility criteria Educational qualification: The candidates interested in applying for this programme must be holding a Bachelor's degree in any discipline and at least 24 months of full time post-qualification work experience as of March 31, 2017. They should also possess a valid GMAT/GRE score. Or TOEFL/ IELTS/ PTE score, only if language of instruction during undergraduate education was not English. Selection procedure: Applicants from overseas location will be interviewed over telephone/Skype VC, if shortlisted. Personal interviews will be conducted only in Bengaluru, Delhi, Hyderabad, Mohali and Mumbai. Those based out of an international location may opt for a skype-telephone interview. ( Read: Punjab B.Ed CET 2016: Merit list to be announced tomorrow ) How to apply: The candidates are required to apply at the official website for admission. The completed application will be reviewed by the admissions office and applicants will be shortlisted for an interview. Important dates Last date for applying online for cycle I is October 15. Last date for applying online for cycle II is January 15, 2017. Interview timelines for cycle 1 is November 1 to December 10. Interview timelines for cycle 2 is January 15, 2017 to February 28, 2017. Read: Raksha Shakti University commences admission process for Ph.D 2016: Apply now Read: Pondicherry University admissions 2016: Apply for Distance MBA courses For information on more courses and admissions, click here. Click here for more stories Tags: Admissions 2017 ISB ISB Hyderabad PGP In Management Hyderabad Education Advertisement STAY CONNECTED WITH US ON Online Courses AAj Tak TV anchoring one day workshop Become a HTML5 Developer Become an online Content Writer more... India's Best B-Schools IIM-Bangalore Rank 1: IIM-B is one of the most important centres of management research with a huge knowledge database. Previous Years: --Year-- 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 --Year-- India's Best Colleges Science: St. Stephen's College Founded on February 1, 1881, St. Stephen's is the oldest college in Delhi. Arts | Commerce | Science | Law Medicine | Engineering Previous Years: --Year-- 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Advertisement "
  ISB PGP programme records 28% increase in application, rise in students pay package | The Indian Express Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for: Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Latest News Cross-LoC operations in past too, strikes made public as part of strategy, S Jaishankar tells panel Four-tier GST structure proposed: low of 6 per cent to high of 26 per cent, extra on luxury goods No fire NoC, Bhubaneswar hospital lost accreditation two months ago Law panel seeks 1-year jail for parents who ‘abduct’ kids to foreign country Earlier one heard of Israel, Indian Army no less: PM Modi on surgical strike Home Education ISB PGP programme records 28% increase in application, rise in students pay package ISB PGP programme records 28% increase in application, rise in students pay package ISB Class of 2016, which graduated in April, received a record placement of 1,149 offers By: PTI Hyderabad Published:May 31, 2016, 17:35 education UPSC Civil Services exam: Important instructions for filling the DAF form Presidency University in West Bengal to spend Rs 50 cr for campus renovation Related Videos Chinese Media Critical Of India: Here’s What Happened 5 Reasons To Watch Soha Ali Khan And Vir Das Starr 31st October Donald Trump Vs Hillary Clinton: ‘Most Negative’ US Elections Campaign Ever Samajwadi Party Leader Azam Khan Lists Why He Is Fit To Become Prime Minister By: PTI | Hyderabad | Published:May 31, 2016 5:35 pm The Indian School of Business (ISB) sees a 28 per cent increase in number of applicants for its one-year Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) this year, compared to the previous year. ISB’s PGP has seen the fastest growth over the years from a class size of just 128 students in 2002 to 905 now, it said. Chinese Media Critical Of India: Here’s What Happened 5 Reasons To Watch Soha Ali Khan And Vir Das Starr 31st October Donald Trump Vs Hillary Clinton: ‘Most Negative’ US Elections Campaign Ever Samajwadi Party Leader Azam Khan Lists Why He Is Fit To Become Prime Minister Here’s What Was Proposed At The Third Meeting Of GST Council Trouble For Salman Khan In Chinkara Poaching Case: Find Out Why Ram Temple part of BJP manifesto, cannot just run away from it: Subramanian Swamy First Year MTech Student Slammed In Kolkata: Find Out Why Relief For Union Minister Smriti Irani In Fake Degree Row Bigg Boss 10 Day 1: First Nominations & Review Karan Johar: Going Forward, I Will Not Engage With Talent From The Neighbouring Country Professional Bodybuilder Kai Greene Shares His 5 Top Health Tips Actor Sahil Khan’s Top 5 Health Tips Circle Inspector Raghavendra Commits Suicide Inside Police Station In Karnataka It has admitted record number of students to the PGP Class of 2017 across its two campuses in Hyderabad and Mohali making it the largest class at any management school in India offering a one-year programme. Dishan Kamdar, Deputy Dean, Programmes at ISB said, “ISB continues to attract the best of experienced professionals from across the world wanting to join the flagship programme to improve their growth prospects.” Interest for admission into ISB also increased on account of a strong placements season earlier in the year with the Class of 2016, which graduated in April, receiving a record 1,149 offers. The students witnessed an increase of 128 per cent in their pay packages on average when compared to what they were drawing before joining ISB, the statement said. Share This Article Related Article ISB placement: 11 offers from AP govt, highest salary at Rs 70 lakh Doctors,ex-Armymen among students at ISB this year ISB Mohali starts postgraduate course in management ISB Mohali campus to be ready by Feb; first batch from April ISB?s first academic session at Mohali campus in 2012 Wait over,ISB begins work on Mohali campus ISB said it has decided to start accepting GRE scores as a part of its admissions criteria applicable for those who wish to join the Class of 2018 (academic year 2017-18). This will allow ISB to further strengthen the diversity in the PGP and attract aspirants from pure sciences and liberal arts. In a statement, the B-school reveals its plans to attract potential students from Africa and the ASEAN region, as a part of its larger strategy to enhance the international diversity. ISB said it sees these countries as an untapped talent pool that has the potential to contribute to the leadership needs of emerging economies and the world. For more news on education, click here Tags: ISB ISB placement Best of Express India Chinkara poaching case: Direct Salman Khan to surrender, go back to jail, says Rajasthan govt to Supreme Court India Defamation case: No relief for Arvind Kejriwal as Delhi HC dismisses plea to stay proceedings India Bhubaneswar SUM hospital fire: Death toll now at 22, NHRC steps in India TN: Panneerselvam chairs cabinet meeting first time in absence of Jaya India Ram Temple part of BJP manifesto, cannot just run away from it: Swamy Entertainment Ae Dil Hai Mushkil: Aishwarya Rai, Anushka finally promote film on Kapil Sharma Show Entertainment Dear Zindagi take 1: Shah Rukh Khan, Alia Bhatt gives us the ride of our life, watch teaser Entertainment Bigg Boss 10: This is how much Salman, celeb contestants are getting paid Entertainment Divyanka Tripathi is celebrating her first Karva Chauth Must Read Sports MS Dhoni doesn't need time to settle down: Anil Kumble Sports MCA writes to BCCI on implementing Lodha reforms Sports 'We play so many Tests that I could break Sachin's record' Technology Google Pixel XL: Armed with an Assistant, here is the ‘first’ Google phone Technology Karwa Chauth 2016: Apple iPhone 7, OnePlus 3, Misfit Ray, here are the best gadgets to gift Technology Samsung's modular ArtPC Pulse is an unofficial Mac Pro competitor Lifestyle Tiny Kerala island in NatGeo's list of world destinations Oct 19: Latest News Fenerbahce team plane makes emergency landing in Budapest 06:32 pm, Oct 19, 2016 Welfare bodies with backing of 1.38 lakh farmers write to PM Narendra Modi seeking introduction of GM mustard 06:31 pm, Oct 19, 2016 Tottenham Hotspur’s progress rests on solving Wembley jitters 06:24 pm, Oct 19, 2016 Samsung’s modular ArtPC Pulse is an unofficial Mac Pro competitor 06:26 pm, Oct 19, 2016 Saurashtra Cricket Association invites Prime Minister Narendra Modi for first India-England Test in Rajkot 06:21 pm, Oct 19, 2016 The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved "
  ISB`s 1 year flagship PGP class 2016 sees diverse set of achievers; accepts valid GMAT scores Admission Alert SIBM Bengaluru Get a top MBA with a Quantitative Difference. Study with Harvard Business School Cases & Simulation. APPLY NOW Great Lakes Institute of Management Two year full time PGDM Program for graduates with 0-2 years of experience, offered in Chennai and Gurgaon. APPLY NOW SNAP 2016 Apply for 15 MBA Institutes including SIBM Pune, SCMHRD Pune, SIBM Bangalore and many more. REGISTER NOW Home About MBA All About MBA Why MBA Famous MBA Alumni MBA Placement Trends Type of MBA Program's India's Top B Schools Financing Your MBA Admission Process Overview Key Steps Importance of CAT Score IIM Admission Criteria Key Critria Choosing Right B School Key Entrance Exam Exam XAT 2017 IIFT 2016 SNAP 2016 CMAT 2017 MAH CET NMAT by GMAC MAT Dec 2016 & Feb 2017 Exam Preparation XAT Prep IIFT Prep SNAP Prep NMAT by GMAC Prep MAT 2016 - (September) KMAT 2017 Exam Calendar CAT 2016 Preparation Know All About CAT 2016 CAT Prep Center Institute Review North - Zone MBA in Delhi / NCR MBA in Jaipur South Zone MBA In Bangalore MBA In Chennai MBA In Hyderabad MBA In Coimbatore MBA In Cochin West Zone MBA in Ahmedabad MBA In Mumbai MBA In Pune East Zone MBA In Kolkata MBA In Bhubaneswar MBA In Patna Executive MBA Aspirants Discussion ISB`s 1 year flagship PGP class 2016 sees diverse set of achievers; accepts valid GMAT scores MBAUniverse.com | 22 May 2015 04:15 IST Candidates taking GMAT and dreaming to pursue MBA from top B schools accepting GMAT scores in different countries will have the similar learning experience at ISB Hyderabad or ISB Mohali Related Articles IIM Bangalore hosts annual business CAT 2016: ""Attempt the exam in 3 ro IIM Bangalore delays CAT 2016 mock CAT Admit card delayed by 6 days IMT Ghaziabad: 'Only B - school wit ""ISB is committed to taking in the best of the talent from across the globe and provide them the best of management education"" Munish Sapra, Assistant Dean, ISB Thousands of candidates taking GMAT and dreaming to pursue MBA from top B schools, accepting GMAT scores in different countries will have the similar learning experience at ISB Hyderabad or ISB Mohali. However apart from good GMAT score they should have at least 2 years of work experience. The Indian School of Business (ISB) is the only top rated B school in India that accepts only GMAT scores to its flagship 1 year Post Graduate Programme (PGP) in Management. The B school has offered admission to 813 new students with diverse profiles in the PGP class 2016. With an intake of 560 students at Hyderabad and 253 at Mohali campus, ISB has got a diverse set of achievers this year. More professionals with work experience in NGOs and more women candidates have preferred to be a part of ISB Management Education. Varied background professionals at ISB As is required by top Global B schools, quality of work experience with innovation is also preferred by ISB while offering admission to the PGP aspirant. The students for the PGP class 2016 at ISB come from varied backgrounds including professionals from the fields of medicine, the government and non-governmental organizations, scientific researchers, some of whom also hold patents, sports enthusiasts and performing artists, media professionals and the like. Welcoming the new class, Munish Sapra, Assistant Dean, ISB, said, “ISB is committed to taking in the best of the talent from across the globe and provide them the best of management education. The aim is to groom them into becoming global leaders who, as future alumni, not only bring laurels to the School but also contribute to the society at large.” ISB PGP Class Profile This year the School witnessed an increase in the number of professionals from the NGO/ not for profit organisations enrolling for PGP. The students have worked in NGOs from sectors including education and healthcare. Robust gender Diversity at ISB With 236 women in the Class, the PGP Class of 2016 accounts for the highest number of women in absolute terms in any class so far. This is a result of the concerted efforts by the School to bring more and more women students on board. As a result ISB has also seen the more recruiters hiring women candidates for leadership positions over the past few years. 7600 Alumni base This is the 15th Class to enroll for ISB’s PGP and the Class is now connected to a wide network of 7600+ alumni of the School, who are already creating an impact on society in different verticals. ISB PGP Class 2016 overview Class size 813 (Hyderabad: 560 and Mohali: 253) Gender ratio Female: 29% , Male: 71% Average Age 27 years Work experience average 4.7 years International work experience China, Russia, Sri Lanka, Canada, Singapore, United States of America, Nepal, UAE, Australia, UK, Chile, Mexico and many countries in Europe USPs of PGP class 2016 • 18 students have either filed for or received a patent/s • Class also includes several doctorates in bio chemistry, bio technology and bio medical science • Includes a B-Tech graduate who was chosen as a youth ambassador for the Antarctica Expedition by 2041 organisation from among 30 world wide • First time women students enrolled from Sri Lanka and Russia • Avid sportspersons including national level badminton, tennis and cricket players • Political Science students who have contributed to party manifestos USPs of Management programme at ISB ISB’s PGP is a full-time, 1 year programme in Management designed for young working professionals to enable them transition into roles of greater responsibility, or pursue an entrepreneurial dream. The programme offers world class education with exposure to some of the best of minds – faculty, industry and their own peers, giving students an enriching learning experience that expands the bounds of their thinking and sets them on the path for long-term career progress. Placement at ISB ISB has an enviable placement record for its PGP class for last many years. The B School has facilitated dramatic careers shifts, initiated the trend of lateral placements in India, and secured leadership positions for women-raising the benchmark for B-school graduates. This year, a total of 350 companies contributed around 884 offers, as compared to 819 offers made last year. The technology sector continued to be the largest recruiting sector with 248 offers contributed by 48 companies. Consulting sector was the second largest recruiter, contributing 174 offers from 21 companies. Around 48 offers were made by 46 start-up companies. The e-commerce sector was an active recruiter with leading e-commerce companies making a total of 81 offers in various roles. Top recruiters at ISB included A T Kearney ; Accenture; Amazon; Apple; Bharti Airtel; Boston; Cipla; Cognizant; Deloitte; Goldman Sachs; HSBC; Nomura; Genpact; Phillips; Siemens among other prominent ones. Average domestic compensation package has increased from Rs.17.41 lakhs to Rs.18.16 lakhs in this placement seson. ISB Admission process The PGP at ISB is offered concurrently at the ISB’s Hyderabad and Mohali campuses through a common admissions and placements process. The ISB brand is currently represented by a network of 7600+ accomplished alumni working in leading companies, government and non-profits spread across 32 countries worldwide and over 350 alumni entrepreneurs. ISB is committed to the continuous development of its alumni through life-long learning programmes combined with career development and support activities. While admission process for PGP class 2016 is over, to enroll in the PGP Class of 2017, you will need to have • Bachelors degree or equivalent in any discipline • Valid GMAT score • Minimum 24 months of full time post-qualification work experience as of March 31, 2016 • TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score (only if the language of instruction at undergraduate study level was not English) About ISB The Indian School of Business (ISB) is a global Business school offering world-class management education across its two campuses - Hyderabad and Mohali. The School has grown at a rapid pace over the twelve years since its inception and already has several notable accomplishments to its credit – it is the youngest school ever to consistently rank among the top Global MBA programmes, the first institution in South Asia to receive the prestigious AACSB accreditation, one of the largest providers of Executive Education in Asia, and the most research productive Indian management institution. A vibrant pool of research-oriented resident faculty, strong academic associations with leading global B-schools and the backing of an influential Board, have helped the ISB fast emerge as a premier global Business school in the emerging markets. Stay tuned to MBAUniverse.com for more updates on ISB . Get a top MBA with a Quantitative Difference. Study with Harvard Business School Cases & Simulation. APPLY NOW Two year full time PGDM Program for graduates with 0-2 years of experience, offered in Chennai and Gurgaon. APPLY NOW SNAP 2016 Apply for 15 MBA Institutes including SIBM Pune, SCMHRD Pune, SIBM Bangalore and many more. REGISTER NOW Promoting international understanding through quality education and real-world exposure. APPLY NOW Important Links CAT 2016 - Previous Year Papers All About Exam Trends, Expert Analysis CAT 2016 - Quant Reading Material All Topic, Short Tricks, Expert Tip Data Interpretation - Study Material Expert Advice, Quick Tips, Exam Pattern Verbal Ability - Reading Material Exam Date, Syllabus, Exam Pattern Quick links MBA Exams CAT XAT IIFT NMAT by GMAC CMAT MAH CET KMAT IIM in India IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Kolkata IIM Indore IIM Lucknow IIM Kozhikode MBA Colleges in India Delhi / NCR MBA Mumbai MBA MBA Colleges In Bangalore Pune MBA MBA In Chennai MBA In Bhubaneshwar About MBA Why MBA Famous MBA Alumni MBA Placement Trends Type of MBA Program India's Top MBA Colleges Financing Your MBA MBAUniverse.com MBA Forum About Us Advertise with us Contact Us Careers With Us Our Team This site is best viewed in Internet Explorer 7 & above at 1024 X 768 resolution © 2016 - 2017 www.mbauniverse.com All rights reserved Sitemap Advertise Disclaimer Privacy policy Terms & Conditions "
  ISB PGP: Post Graduate Program in Management | An Overview Invest 10 Seconds for... What May Lead to a Life Altering Association! Select Program Admissions Consulting GMAT Guidance Program GMAT Classroom Program GRE Guidance Program Career Counseling Finishing School Admission Consulting GMAT Preparation GRE Preparation Finishing School Career Planning Helpline +91.8800.2828.00 (IND) +1.917.514.0124 (US) support@expertsglobal.com If you wish to contact by traditional mail or by phone, please click here Select Program Admissions Consulting GMAT Guidance Program GMAT Classroom Program GRE Guidance Program Career Counseling Finishing School Resume Upload (DOC / PDF) +91.8800.2828.00 (IND) +1.917.514.0124 (US) support@expertsglobal.com Forum Blog GMAT Prep Guidance Program Classroom Program Study Material Videos Study Plans Doubt Solving Sessions Fee-back Guarantee FAQs All About GMAT GMAT AWA GMAT Critical Reasoning GMAT Data Sufficiency GMAT Integrated Reasoning GMAT Must Knows GMAT Pattern GMAT Problem Solving GMAT Quantitative Section GMAT Reading Comprehension GMAT Scoring GMAT Sentence Correction GMAT Test Taking Tips GMAT Verbal Section Is a high GMAT score necessary? Is GMAT difficult? List of Institutions Accepting the GMAT When to take GMAT Appointment? When to take GMAT? GRE Prep Guidance Program Videos Study Material FAQs Admissions Consulting MBA Admissions Consulting Profile of MBA Admission Consultants Global MBA: Step-wise Guide Career in Management Consulting MBA Specialization in Accounting MBA Rankings ISB Admissions Consulting Profile of ISB Admission Consultants Overview of ISB ISB Hyderabad Campus ISB Mohali Campus ISB PGP ISB YLP ISB PGPMAX (Senior Executives) ISB MFAB (Family Business) ISB FPM ISB MPPP (Public Policy) ISB Health Management Program (ISB HMP) ISB CBA (Business Analytics) ISB CSRM ISB IICA Partnership ISB CPMOM (Operations Management) ISB LIM (Infrastructure Management) Master in Management Admissions Consulting Profile of MiM Admissions Consultants MiM Degree Overview Masters in Management Ranking MS Admissions Consulting Profile of the MS Admissions Consultants Need for MS Admission Counselling MS Rankings by Speializations Master in Finance Admissions Consulting Profile of MSF Admission Consultants Master in Finance Degree Overview MIS Admissions Consulting Profile of MIS Admission Consultants MIS Degree Overview MIS Ranking (US and Canada) EMBA Admissions Consulting Undergraduate Admissions Consulting Profile of Undergrad (SAT) Admission Consultants Undergraduate in Aerospace, Astronautical, Aeronautical in US Ranking Scholarship Options for Indian Students International Scholarships IEFA Scholarships Aditya Birla Scholarship Inlaks Shivdasani Foundation Scholarships in India Chevening Scholarship Commonwealth Scholarships Dorabji Tata Trust K.C. Mahindra Scholarships Narotam Sekhsaria Foundation Sahu Jain Scholarship Rhodes Scholarships for India Stanford Reliance Dhirubhai Ambani Scholarship Work Permit Rules Australia Work Permits Rules Canada Work Visa Rules Germany Work Visa Hong Kong Work Permit Rules Most countries Work Visa Rules Singapore Work Permits Rules UK Work Visa Rules US Work Visa Rules Student Visa Rules Australia Student Visa Rules Canada Student Visa France Student Visa Rules Germany Student Visa Rules Hong Kong Student Visa Rules Singapore Student Visa Rules UK Student Visa US Student Visa Rules Loans for International Students CitiAssist Loan for Graduate Students Global Student Loan Corporation SallieMae Wells Fargo Loans in India for Global Education Avanse Credila HSBC Public Sector Banks GMAT Problem Solving GMAT Videos temp Gmat Practice Tests Work Permit Rules Australia Work Permits Rules Canada Work Visa Rules Germany Work Visa Hong Kong Work Permit Rules Most countries Work Visa Rules Singapore Work Permits Rules UK Work Visa Rules US Work Visa Rules Career Planning Finishing School Contact Testimonials Home » Admissions Consulting » ISB Admissions Consulting » ISB PGP ISB PGP: Post Graduate Program in Management The unique business challenges and the emerging business challenges are dealt with the Post Graduate Program in Management (PGP). This is a one-year program which incorporates the practical industry applications with the intensive and rigorous research-based curriculum that has already transformed several mid-career professionals into tomorrow’s future leaders. Designed with the international perspective, it is aimed at honing the skills of the professionals and makes them question the conventional wisdom. With the special portfolio faculty model, the professionals are able to interact and engage with the leading management intellectuals, who bring the best of research and training experience from various B-schools of the country. The content offered by the program is global, distinct and truly contemporary. With the PGP, there is a dynamic opportunity to extend one’s professional network through business plan competitions, conferences, international exchange programs, study treks and other avenues which help the professionals to explore different cultures and push their respective intellectual boundaries. The professionals are able to experience a rich mixture of engagement and ideation. The Program attracts outstanding professionals from both developed and developing economies, who have a diverse experience and crave for enriching the learning environment in which they are based. Hence, it is a melting pot for various cultures, which helps the professionals to gain insight at the global level. ISB PGP Learning Model Global leaders in the society are created by the unique learning model of the program. A professional of the PGP is exposed to different kinds of learning models, methods, team-based learning and individual case studies. The academic gradient can be decided by the student themselves, based on their academic background and work experience. ISB PGP Learning Goals The five key learning goals of the program are as follows: 1. Interpersonal Awareness and Working in Teams : It aims to make every professional understand the value of team effort and how teams need to manage conflicts and compromises. The duties of the respective individual also get highlighted in this process. It is necessary to achieve the team goals and understand their importance. 2. Critical and Integrative Thinking : Each student is able to draw the main insights from the business setting, develop a new perspective that is complemented with integrative and critical thinking. 3. Awareness of Global Issues Affecting Business : The students are made to understand the important global and domestic factors related to business insights so that they grow more aware of it. 4. Effective Oral Communication : It is necessary for every student to learn how to communicate effectively and persuasively and at the same time, be a responsive listener. 5. Ethical Responsibility : The students need to understand the ethical issues and blend them with the business insights so that there is the inculcation of ethical responsibility. ISB PGP Core Courses Following are the core courses, divided on the basis of terms: First Term 1. Financial Accounting and Decision Making : Centered around real financial statements, the course provides detailed examination of the company’s balance sheets, income statements and statement of cash flows. Long-term obligations, performance, liquid assets, intangible assets, investments and equity are explored. 2. Managerial Economics : The various microeconomic issues are handled, which includes cost determination, pricing, compensation, output decisions, entry and output from markets, optimal decision making and analysis of the economic problems from the perspective of the manager. 3. Marketing Management: The course deals with the challenging marketing decisions that have to be undertaken by the firm, the logistics of it, along with understanding the decision tools, analytic perspectives, product offering, marketing segmentation and targeting as well as marketing communications. 4. Statistical methods for marketing decisions: The course equips the students to frame the business problems in statistical terms. The students are taught about the statistical inference and regression analysis. Critical and integrative thinking is inculcated in the professionals, so that they can unambiguously cater to the results and reflect them. Second Term 1. Competitive Strategy : The course deals with the manner in which strategic decisions are framed. The students are given the roles of key decision makers and accordingly asked to handle the creation or reinforcement of competitive advantage. It is important to understand how strategy differs in the global context. 2. Decision Models and Optimization : Advanced modeling techniques are applied to the managerial decision making process, along with the usage of models and optimization which aim at diverse industries and functional areas. 3. Global Economics : The students are made aware of the international issues that affect the business along with the critical and integrative thinking. The students are able to figure out the global economic factors and the impact they have, along with the microeconomic policies and their effect on global business decision-making. The main issues in macroeconomic analysis are also configured. 4. Marketing Decision Making : The course equips the students with application-related, cognitive and content-related learning. Thus, the students are able to understand the marketing mix of product, pricing, promotion and place. Creative solutions would be analyzed for each marketing decision making with a thorough support of their cause. Third Term 1. Corporate Finance: It deals with the kinds of capital budgeting and valuation that should be done by a firm. The financial structure is taken into consideration by understanding the various investments and capital budgeting that is required. Discounted Cash Flow approach is used along with Flow to Equity, APV and WACC. 2. Managerial Accounting and Decision Making : It takes both the internal and external environment of the firm into perspective while teaching the managerial accounting and decision making tactics to the students. Various start-up ventures, be it international or domestic, are used as examples for learning. 3. Management of Organizations : The course helps the students in learning the ways to manage organizations depending on the human resources invested into it. Concrete organizational situations are discussed as case studies to test the skills of effective management. 4. Operations Management : Understanding the design, control and planning of the organization’s process with the objective of improving the supply chain performance is the main agenda of the course. 5. Leadership Development : As the course deals with the foundations of finance, it carves out ways in which the students are inculcated with better leadership skills and all round development. Specializations and Electives Out of the 80 electives that are offered, the students can choose 18 to 21 elective credits in the last five terms. The major components which are offered in the electives deal with: 1. Strategy and Leadership 2. Marketing 3. Operation Management 4. Information and Technology Management 5. Finance 6. Entrepreneurship The Industry Specializations are offered in 1. Public Policy 2. Manufacturing 3. Healthcare Practicum Courses The Experiential Learning Program (ELP) helps to work in the real-life scenario and gain industry insights. It is integrated with the course in a manner so that the PGP program has various interventions to make it a practical course for the professionals as follows: 1. Building a strategic roadmap for a firm for the Indian market. 2. Landscaping an industry sector. 3. Marketing Strategy for a travel firm with the focus on adventure tourism. 4. Marketing and Pricing strategy for a sports solution provider brand. 5. Developing business and digital strategy for a beverage brand. As the ELP issues are always strategic, they keep in mind the strategic conditions of the client and help in making business decisions. Thus, students are able to utilize their expertise gained in a phenomenal manner. Leadership Development Program (LEAD) The students have to undergo this three- day training into Leadership Development Program (LEAD) in which they understand their own effectiveness and are able to grow as future leaders of tomorrow. The three key elements are 1. Assessment of the challenges and short-comings of the student. 2. Challenges in the form of new experiences to inculcate those capabilities which are needed. 3. Support by the study groups and the faculty to the student. Admissions Consulting MBA Admissions Consulting ISB Admissions Consulting Profile of ISB Admission Consultants Overview of ISB ISB Hyderabad Campus ISB Mohali Campus ISB PGP ISB YLP ISB PGPMAX (Senior Executives) ISB MFAB (Family Business) ISB FPM ISB MPPP (Public Policy) ISB Health Management Program (ISB HMP) ISB CBA (Business Analytics) ISB CSRM ISB IICA Partnership ISB CPMOM (Operations Management) ISB LIM (Infrastructure Management) Master in Management Admissions Consulting MS Admissions Consulting Master in Finance Admissions Consulting MIS Admissions Consulting EMBA Admissions Consulting Undergraduate Admissions Consulting Scholarship Options for Indian Students Work Permit Rules Student Visa Rules Loans for International Students Loans in India for Global Education Testimonials “With an average GMAT score of 710 and work ex of 3.5 yrs, ISB was the last of top-ranked colleges I could think of getting into. But Experts’ committed guidance and focused approach in helping me find my strengths, achievements and helping me pe… Abhinav Jain- ISB and Pittsburgh The help from Experts’ Global Training Services made my entire application experience extremely easy and smooth. My unconventional profile was portrayed to my benefit and I got into a few of my first choice programs H Aggarwal, IE, RSM with 0-100% Scholarships “I was a chef in USA before I decided to take GMAT. It was an extremely difficult task for me as I had not studied such things in more than eight years. I improved by almost 250 points. I also got some great help in writing my applications. I made … Swati Shashi- Connecticut Experts’ Global played a crucial role in lifting my GMAT score and helping me gain apt admits with respect to my career plans, location preferences, and financial constraints. I recommend Experts’ to anyone seeking precise help for GMAT Prep and … Nikhil Jaiswal, 700 on GMAT + SMU Cox, George Washington University “We need good people like you in the education sector. Thanks for your help in GMAT preparation, applications, and interviews” Deepak Rohida- Tippie with 100% scholarship Helpful Links Admissions Consulting GMAT Guidance Program GMAT Classroom Program GRE Guidance Program Career Counselling Finishing School Discussions Forum Blog Popular Resources Students' Query Center SC 1000 with Solutions Stepwise Guide for MBA Admissions Consulting Overview The Way it Works FAQs Assured ISB Interview Module Rankings Ethics and Trust Reviews MS Admissions Consulting GMAT Prep GMAT Guidance Program GMAT Classroom Program Study Material GMAT Videos GMAT Study Plans GMAT Doubt Solving Sessions Fee-back Guarantee FAQs All it Takes Why a Global MBA All About GMAT Exam Funding The MBA Schools Shortlisting Applications Essays Recommendation Letters TOEFL Forwarding Scores Transcripts Resume Interviews Scholarships Visa Process Management Programs MBA Programs GRE Prep Guidance Program Videos Study Material FAQs Company Founder’s Message CSR Testimonials Head Office in NCR Hyderabad Chapter Chicago Chapter Opportunities Careers Advertise Own a Chapter Contact Us +91.8800.2828.00 (IND) +1.917.514.0124 (US) support@expertsglobal.com Follow @expertsglobal Copyright © 2016 ExpertsGlobal.com | All rights reserved | Experts' Global Training Services: A Subsidiary of Experts Intellectual Solutions Pvt Ltd "
 Why should I not do PGP/MBA at ISB? - Quora This page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page. Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page. Hide this message . Quora Sign In Indian School of Business Master of Business Administration Degrees College Advice Career Advice Why should I not do PGP/MBA at ISB? Update Cancel Answer Wiki 2 Answers Rashi Thakur , Founder | Mentor Mpact; MBA and College Admissions Consultant Written 60w ago ISB is a globally recognised MBA and has been consistently ranked among the leading B-schools globally. Its PGP cannot be undervalued in any way. I would rate ISB amongst the top schools in terms of quality of education and nurturing global leaders and that is what is characteristic of a good B-school. 2.3k Views · View Upvotes · Answer requested by Gajendra Sikarwar Related Questions More Answers Below How is the growth of an ISB passout impacted, considering that the ISB PGP courses are not recognized as an MBA degree or a post-graduate dipl... How is ISB Hydrabad's PGP course? What is future growth I can see after pursuing PGP degree from ISB college? Why hasn't ISB's PGP program got AMBA's MBA certification? What kind of innovation does ISB foster in the industry and what roles/opportunities do its PGP students get to drive this innovation? How is the ROI of PGP course in ISB hydrabad? Anonymous Written 63w ago Because Including the Mohali campus they have almost 500+ students The top 150 get packages which are good ...upto 15 lacs plus.... the rest may get anything from 10 -12 lacs Most HR assume they go to ISB for Lateral PLacements so having work experience helps your case. The flip-side is that for you to get a good paying job , your work experience and graduation must align with the need of the company that is coming..if that company is looking to hire in that year. HR are generally very unimaginative and look for very specific profiles (why do you think so many placement consultants exist) Becomes very hard to be considered as domain agnostic after u reach a 4 yrs plus phase the consulting placements are decent , but you know how consulting companies recruit...they first put all the names in an excel sheet and filter out anyone who is not from an IIT or a better NIT they look for a brand like a PWC or EY in your profile and then ironically they even look at your marks will you make that cut? this is a problem in every school except maybe A and B ( not sure as i do not have data. But for sure even IIM C puts people in 8 lac TCS jobs. ISB was the brain child of a once very powerful Board which could ensure the placements. That is not the case anymore. The Board has diluted so the network has become slim....given they have turned it into a Cash cow with their MOhali campus and the placements for both campuses happen together Plus given it is a one year course that offers neither a diploma not a degree, if you have aspirations for INSEAD or HArvard 4 years later, it becomes very difficult. Hope this helps... The trouble is our education system....It just dosen't realise that Branding and core job profile preparation are seperate things. My Boss is from Oxford and asked me to drop ISB when I got the seat Last year....HE told it is really nothing more than the ""IIPM that got away"" But the brand is considered almost extra terrestrial because the only people the students can really ask is shitty coaching centres like TIME and IMS which are run by tier 3 students from IIMS who couldnt land a proper job in the first place (ironically they call themselves entrepreneurs) Plus if you have 30 Lacs to spend , trust me just start your own business or try to set up in an SEZ in the Middle east or the free zones....there is so much money to be made . Dont waste money on the off chance that it will make money for you later ALso consider that it is a one year course... the 2 year full time at an IIM XLRIor even IIFT has so much depth that you can actually learn limitlessly if you want to .... Not to mention that their ALumni networks are really strong....ISB does not facilitate that for you...its not a school with a legacy of 50 years Think of this before you go. All the best 1.6k Views · View Upvotes View More Answers Related Questions How is life at ISB for a PGP student? Which colleges in India offer the same program as ISB's PGP? Has any ISB alumnus faced a problem because the ISB PGP program provides a certificate and not a master's degree? What percentage of the ISB batch (PGP) gets to visit foreign universities for an exchange semester program? What is the number of applicants to seats ratio for ISB's PGP? How good are my chances for admission in ISB PGP program for 2018 Batch? Which has a better MBA program: ISB or IE, Madrid? How long is the ISB's (PGP) exchange program and on what criteria are the students selected? Is it worth to spend such huge amount of money on ISB(PGP)? Can the ISB 1 year PGP model be copied successfully? What are the courses one studies at ISB (PGP)? Is it worth to take 25 lac education loan for ISB PGP? What kind of career progression have you seen after doing the ISB PGP Program with 10+ years of work experience? Is doing PGP from ISB is worth for a employee of State Bank my academic are as follows? How is ISB for a PGP in HRM? Related Questions How is the growth of an ISB passout impacted, considering that the ISB PGP courses are not recognized as an MBA degree or a post-graduate dipl... How is ISB Hydrabad's PGP course? What is future growth I can see after pursuing PGP degree from ISB college? Why hasn't ISB's PGP program got AMBA's MBA certification? How is life at ISB for a PGP student? Which colleges in India offer the same program as ISB's PGP? Has any ISB alumnus faced a problem because the ISB PGP program provides a certificate and not a master's degree? What percentage of the ISB batch (PGP) gets to visit foreign universities for an exchange semester program? What is the number of applicants to seats ratio for ISB's PGP? How good are my chances for admission in ISB PGP program for 2018 Batch? What kind of innovation does ISB foster in the industry and what roles/opportunities do its PGP students get to drive this innovation? Top Stories Sitemap # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z About - Careers - Privacy - Terms - Contact"
  ISB Hyderabad Admission 2017 for MFAB, PGP and FPM Home Entrance Exams University & Colleges Counselling Admission DDE Courses Resources You are here: Home / Admission & Exams / Management / ISB Hyderabad Admission 2017 for MFAB, PGP and FPM ISB Hyderabad Admission 2017 for MFAB, PGP and FPM September 29, 2016 by Neepur Garg Leave a Comment ISB Hyderabad Admission 2017 – Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad has invited applications for admissions to Management Programme for Family Business (MFAB), PGP and FPM for the academic year 2017-2018. Details of ISB Hyderabad 2017 application form, eligibility criteria, selection process and other information are given on this page to make it convenient for candidates who are interested. The Indian School of Business has formal affiliations with three of the world’s leading business schools- Kellogg School of Management, the Wharton School, and the London Business School, ensuring the very best in management practices. These affiliations help in attracting the best academicians, and more importantly, in ensuring that the curriculum is contemporary and relevant to the industry’s needs. As a result, our one year full-time Post Graduate Programme in Management has a globally-developed curriculum, with case studies and real life projects giving the students’ a holistic education in management . Schedule for ISB Hyderabad Admission 2017 is given below. Milestones MFAB PGP Cycle 1 PGP Cycle 2 FPM Applications open 10 Jul 2016 – – 26 Sep 2016 Application deadline 30 Oct 2016 15 Oct 2016 15 Jan 2017 15 Jan 2017 Final application deadline (tentative) 15 Dec 2016 – – – Entrance Exam / Interview – 01 Nov – 10 Dec 2016 15 Jan – 28 Feb 2017 – Admission offer / Results 15 Mar 2017 15 Dec 2016 05 Mar 2017 Mar 2017 Application Form The candidates those who are interested in applying for ISB Hyderabad are required to Apply Online at ISB Hyderabad website on or before the last date, which is mentioned above. Interested candidates can also fill the application form from the mentioned below link. Apply Online for MFAB Apply Online for PGP Apply Online for FPM Eligibility Criteria For MFAB Bachelors’ Degree or an equivalent qualification (like CA, etc.) Applicants should have completed the Bachelors Degree as the time of submitting the application. No work experience is required for admission. However, the ISB strongly feels that an experience of 4-5 years will add a lot of value. For PGP a Bachelors degree or equivalent in any discipline a valid GMAT score at least 24 months of full time post-qualification work experience as of March 31. TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score (only if the language of instruction at undergraduate study level was not English) Early Entry Option (PGP deferred) a Bachelors degree or equivalent in any discipline a valid GMAT score less than 24 months of full time post-qualification work experience as of March 31. TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score (only if the language of instruction at undergraduate study level was not English) For FPM All applicants are required to take one of the following tests before submitting their application. Applications will not be considered without a valid test score. Graduate Record Examination General Test (GRE) administered by the Educational Testing Service (ETS), Princeton, USA OR Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) administered by Pearson VUE, Bloomington, USA OR Common Admission Test (CAT) / GATE / JRF Business Admissions Test (BAT) For MFAB It is mandatory for applicants to appear for BAT. Performance in BAT is a critical criteria in the admission process. The BAT is currently divided into 2 independent modules : MCQ section consists questions to elicit the candidate’s approach to problem solving, communication, numerical and factual data management, and logical thinking, and Case Study is developed to test the career maturity and business “acumen” of candidates. Module 1 Sample 1 – Practice Booklet Sample 2 – Practice Booklet Module 2 Sample 1 – Case Study Practice Booklet Sample 2 – Case Study Practice Booklet Fee Structure The tuition fee for the programme for academic year 2017-18 is Rs. 35,00,000 (35 Lakhs) plus taxes. It includes accommodation, food, books and course material. Travel costs are not included. Fee Item Fee (Rs.) Service Tax Total (Rs.) Admission Fee 3,00,000 45,000 3,45,000 Tuition Fee 32,00,000 4,80,000 36,80,000 Total Amount Payable 35,00,000 5,25,000 40,25,000 Telangana Admissions If you have any query regarding this topic please post your queries HERE Filed Under: Management Tagged With: ISB Hyderabad , www.isb.edu Stay Updated! Get all updates and information in your Inbox. Enter your email below: E-Mail Address Comments Follow @aglasem To stay updated on this topic. Stay Updated! Get all updates and information in your Inbox. Enter your email below: E-Mail Address Exams & Admission 2016 Application Form 2017 Admit Card 2017 Answer Key 2017 Result 2017 Counselling 2016 Top Colleges & Universities Related Topics The materials and information provided on this website are for reference purposes only. Click Here for complete Disclaimer. "
  ISB Early Entry Option Call us at : +91 9901 566772 080 409 31397 Free Profile Consultation Home About us Our Approach Complete Application Assistance Testimonials Services Essay Assistance Profile Building Resume Interview Prep Recommendations Blog GMAT Resources Application/ B-school Resources Essays for 2016-17 HBS Stanford MIT Sloan Wharton Kellogg Columbia (CBS) Berkeley Haas Tuck Yale Fuqua Cornell UCLA Ross Tepper NYU Stern Darden ISB Emory Goizueta Kenan Flagler Kelley Austin McCombs Georgetown McDonough Cambridge Judge Oxford Said Contact Us ISB’s Early Entry Option: Q&A with the ISB Admissions Team Posted On September 23, 2015 Recently. we had a chance to chat up with Sanjay Dhingra, Senior Manager in the admissions team at ISB and incharge of the Early Entry Option 2015. He gave us some sound inputs that will help Early Entry Option applicants make their application stronger. Here is the interview: 1. Who should apply to the Early Entry Option? What qualities do you look for in an applicant who applies to Early Entry Option? Graduates with less than 24 months of work experience by March 31, 2016 are eligible to apply to the ISB PGP through the Early Entry Option 2015. The Early Entry Option is not a separate programme at ISB, but just a deferred admission to the PGP . Consequently, we judge a candidate applying through the Early Entry Option on the same parameters as we judge the regular PGP applicants – Academic & Analytical Ability, Leadership Potential and other Personal Attributes. To know more about what ISB looks for in applicants, click here 2. Other than knowing that he/she will definitely study at ISB, what is the advantage for a candidate to apply to Early Entry Option? While there is no additional incentive to apply through the Early Entry Option, the benefit of early career clarity is tremendous. With their PGP admission secure, admitted candidates can completely concentrate on their job and enhance their learning from the work they do. 3. As in the case of YLP, are Early Entry Option candidates mentored by ISB before they start their course at ISB? Early Entry Option is not a separately run programme, but just a deferred admission offer to the PGP for high potential candidates who do not have the 24 months of minimum work-experience required for enrolling in the next starting PGP Class. Such admits will join the PGP class after completing their 24 months of work-experience, which is a standard for the PGP and hence no additional mentorship is provided. 4. What is the selection criterion? Is any factor such as GMAT, GPA, extra curricula activities that has more importance than the others? Early Entry Option applicants are evaluated on the same criteria as the regular PGP applicants. No factor has enhanced importance. However, since Early Entry Option applicants have less than 24 months of work-experience at the time of application, many may not have significant achievements at work to showcase in the application. Consequently, they may focus on highlighting their Leadership Potential and Personality strengths through examples from other (non-work) areas like extracurricular initiatives at or outside of work or at college level. 5. Is the academic component, comprising GPA and GMAT more important for the EEO applicants than it is for the regular cycle applicants? As mentioned earlier, academic credentials and GMAT are an important component of the overall evaluation but not the sole criteria that would decide the final selection. Whether it is an Early Entry Option or the regular PGP application, the application evaluation is holistic in nature. However, given the competitive nature of selection, it is advisable that Early Entry Option applicants aspire to do well in the GMAT to enhance their prospects. 6. As the EEO applicants don’t have enough work experience, from where can they draw their examples for the essays? Early Entry Option applicants can quote examples from their college, internship or volunteer work. The essay questions are structured in such a manner that the examples from workplace are not necessary. For example, one of the topics this year asks for a defining moment in the applicant’s personal or professional life when the applicant had to make a risky decision. 7. Anything else you would like to mention about the Early Entry option? Early Entry Option is a great opportunity for fresh graduates to secure their admission to the ISB PGP well in advance. It is an answer to frequently asked questions like “Shall I accept an admission offer from a lower ranked B-school or wait to apply to ISB”, “Shall I go for a MS programme without work-experience or wait to apply to ISB after getting work-experience”. Comments are closed. Deadlines for 2016-17 Click for essay questions Columbia : From now until 5th Oct Richard Ivey : 18th July (R2) Harvard : 7th Sept Queen's : 12th Sept (R3) IIMA PGPX : upto 12th Sept Duke : 13th Sept (Early app) Yale : 14th Sept MIT : 15th Sept Stanford : 21st Sept Kellogg : 21st Sept Booth : 22nd Sept Wharton: 27th Sept Haas : 29th Sept Tepper : 2nd Oct Ross : 3rd Oct Darden : 4th Oct Tuck : 5th Oct Cornell : 5th Oct UCLA : 6th Oct Duke : 13th Oct -(R1) Kenan Flagler : 14th Oct Emory : 14th Oct ISB : 15th Oct Kelley : 15th Oct NYU Stern : 15th Oct IIMC PGPEX : 1st Jul- 25th Oct IIMB EPGP : 1st Jun- 31st Aug Resume Services Spike up your resume to impress the adcom. Recent Posts How Much GMAT Should I Score? ISB’s Early Entry Option: Q&A with the ISB Admissions Team Factors to Consider When Selecting Business Schools Top Eight Reasons to do an MBA Submitting an Application That Shows Maturity How to Showcase Your Leadership Capabilities to a Business School School is cool. But which B-school is the coolest for you? Fall 2015 is approaching, What are you waiting for? Interview with Tuck Alum Class profiles for top Business Schools- Part 2 Categories Academics (1) Application Dos and Don'ts (7) B school Blogs (5) B-school Clubs (2) B-schools in News (5) Essay Frameworks 2011-12 (6) Essay Frameworks 2012-13 (6) Essay Frameworks 2013-14 (7) Essay Frameworks 2014-15 (4) Finances and Aid (1) From the Admissions Directors (5) Indian B-schools (1) Interview (1) Start From the Scratch (5) Stats and Rankings (3) Student Blogs (1) Uncategorized (11) Tags Babson Berkeley Haas Booth Brigham Young University Case method Case Study CBS Chicago Booth Chicago GSB Class Profile Clubs Columbia Cornell Darden Duke Entrepreneurship Essay Analysis Essay frameworks Essays Fuqua GMAT GRE Haas Harvard HBS IMD Indian School of Business ISB Ivey Kellogg LBS Michigan Ross MIT MIT Sloan NUS NYU Stern Rankings Richard Ivey Ross Scholarships Stern Student blogs transcripts Tuck Wharton Tell a friend: If you have a friend who will benefit from our services, we would love you to pass on our details. Check these important links Promotions Blog with us Find Us On: © copyright 2016 mbadecoder. All right reserved. "
  Application process, Guidance for ISB ISB YLP | ISB EOO | ISB PGP One of the very important characteristics of a student is to question. Let the students ask questions. - APJ Abdul Kalam Search 1800-1234-467(IMS) Locate a centre Contact us Downloads Toggle navigation IMS Learning Resources Home About Us Our Approach Our History Postgraduate Study in India CAT One Year MBA - India ISB Hyderabad MH-CET CMAT SNAP MAT Other Tests GD - Essay - PI Study Abroad GMAT GRE Admission Consulting Undergraduate Study in India BBA LAW Study Abroad SAT Admission Consulting Bank & Govt Exams Bank & Govt Exams Placement Training CSAT (UPSC) Student Zone Careers Our Centres Partner with us Indian School of Business (ISB) Home ISB ISB Admission Process Cycle 1: October 15th, 2016 Click to view important ISB deadlines ISB Free Profile Assessment.png 4 REASONS TO JOIN ISB 12 month MBA program 29th Ranked Global MBA Program in FT 2016 813 - Largest MBA Class in India 19.4 Lac INR - Median Salary Click to get your Free ISB Consultation ISB Admission Process ISB offers three variants of its flagship management program at both its Hyderabad and Mohali campuses. The school follows a ‘two campuses one school’ approach. ISB evaluates candidates on the basis of: Academic Credentials Leadership Potential Personal Attributes The application process for each variant of ISB’s flagship management program is as follows: The ISB Young Leaders Programme Eligibility: Only pre-final and final year students are eligible to apply. Students pursuing under graduate, post graduate or integrated programmes (Bachelor's + Master's) of any duration are eligible to apply as long as they are in the pre-final/final year Admissions Process: Admission to YLP is a three-stage process designed to evaluate a candidate’s academic & analytical credentials, leadership potential and personal attributes. The application for the ISB EEO is an online application. STAGE 1 Application form, One essay and Application fee 2 GMAT ® / GRE ® score, Two essays & One Evaluation 3 Face-to-Face interview The ISB Early Entry Option Academic Eligibility: A Bachelors degree or equivalent in any discipline Test Eligibility: A Valid GMAT ® /GRE ® score Professional Eligibility: Less than 24 months of full time post-qualification work experience as of March 31, 2017 Admission Process: Admission to the ISB EEO is a two stage process designed to evaluate a candidate’s academic & analytical credentials, leadership potential, career progression, career goals and personal attributes. The application for the ISB EEO is an online application. STAGE 1 Application form, three Essays, two Recommendation letters, GMAT ® /GRE ® score and Application fee 2 Face-to-Face interview The ISB Post Graduate Programme Academic Eligibility: A Bachelors degree or equivalent in any discipline Test Eligibility: A Valid GMAT ® /GRE ® score Professional Eligibility: 24 months of full time post-qualification work experience as of March 31, 2017 Admission Process: Admission to the ISB PGP is a two stage process designed to evaluate a candidate’s academic & analytical credentials, leadership potential, career progression, career goals and personal attributes. The application for the ISB EEO is an online application. STAGE 1 Application form, three Essays, two Recommendation letters, GMAT ® /GRE ® score and Application fee 2 Face-to-Face interview Disclaimer: The information and data contained herein is produced, processed, compiled and based on details available on website of ISB i.e. http://www.isb.edu and various sources from public domain to the best of our knowledge. This information is neither all-inclusive nor guaranteed and is subject to applicable changes without notice. These details have been disseminated for reference purpose only and IMS makes no warranties or representations whatsoever regarding the quality, content, suitability, completeness, adequacy, accuracy or timeliness of such information and data. Readers are further advised to procure information from the official website of ISB. IMS expressly disclaims all and any liability and responsibility to anyone who has read/referred these details, or otherwise, in respect of the consequences of anything done or omitted to be done by any such person/entity in reliance upon the content of this page. IMS is neither affiliated to ISB in any manner nor has ISB contributed to the preparation of this web content. Back to ISB Study in India Graduate CAT One Year MBA - India ISB Hyderabad MH-CET CMAT SNAP MAT Other Tests GD-Essay-PI Under Graduate BBA LAW Advancedge Study Abroad Graduate GMAT GRE Admission Consulting Under Graduate SAT Admission Consulting © 2016 IMS Learning Resources Pvt. Limited , All rights reserved. Privacy policy and Disclaimer . Navigation Home About Us Studies after graduation Studies after XIIth Bank & Govt Exams Our centres Contact us Partner with us Downloads Social Media "
  ISB Essay Samples, Examples, ISB Alumni Essays & Goals Menu Home Services Team Resources Blog Contact ISB Mantra Home Services Team Resources Blog Contact 1800 3070 3111 ( Toll Free ) Time Until PGP Round 2 Deadline Contact ISB Mantra Home Services Team Resources Blog Contact ISB Programs ISB Student Diaries PGP Essay Analysis ISB Interview Experiences ISB Programs ISB Student Diaries PGP Essay Analysis ISB Interview Experiences PGP Essay Analysis PGP Essay 1 PGP Essay 2 PGP Essay 3 PGP Essay 1 Analysis You are required to respond to the following Essay questions, two mandatory and one optional. If you are a re-applicant, even the third essay would be mandatory. If we were to admit just one more candidate to the Postgraduate Programme (PGP) at the ISB, why should it be you? (400 words max) With a slight variation to the last year essay, ISB sticks to the ‘Why You’ prompt this year as well. Just that, instead of insisting on only ONE example, they now allow the candidates to decide how they want to establish their credentials. Taking the question literally may get misleading since it is not going to be easy to prove that you are the ‘One’ – but ISB has over 800 seats and you can always prove that you are a worthy candidate. You would therefore want to focus on your strengths, qualities, skills and traits that you think are different from the larger pool of candidates, though you may not be the only one demonstrating them. While talking about yourself, do not just go on claiming things, but always back your claim with relevant examples. Since you are applying to a business school, focus more on your professional strengths than just personal qualities. What makes you unique can very well be your niche industry exposure, the initiatives you have taken at work, the exceptional growth you have achieved vis-à-vis your peers and so on. We would also advise presenting one (preferably only one) personal trait, backed by relevant examples. As you list the qualities – personal and professional, what remains important is to question yourself if these are relevant to ISB. It’s a good idea to connect these traits to how they enable you to contribute to the class at ISB. Indulge in specific research to identify events, activities, clubs and other platforms at ISB that you would like to use in the context of your skills/qualities. Recall where you contributed in a similar manner in the past. Overall it’s not an easy question to answer, but if drafted well, can very well seal the deal for you. What Our Clients Say Subscribe to ISB News / Updates: * Name: * Email: Subscribe You have successfully subscribed to ISB News / Updates. Main Menu Home Services Team Testimonials Programs PGP EEO MFAB PGPMAX PGPpro YLP Resources ISB Interview Experiences ISB Student Diaries ISB Essay Analysis ISB Scholarships ISB Key Dates Follow us on: Copyright © 2015. Italyx Ventures. All Rights Reserve. Privacy Policy Website Terms of Use Cancellation & Refunds × Get in touch Leave us a message and we will get in touch with you. Thank you for your details. We will get in touch with you soon. Name: Email: Contact No: Message: Click to change Type Text in the box: Call Toll Free 1800 3070 3111 Send message "
  ISB 2016-2017 Essays, class of 2015 2016 ISB MBA PGP Essays: Essay Writing and Editing Tips and Analysis - Vibranture MBA Admission Consulting :: the best .. About Services Business Schools Essay Tips Testimonials Blog Contact Free Consultation - Describe a defining moment in your personal / professional life when you had to make a risky decision, and explain what you did, why and the outcome? or - Describe a situation in your personal / professional life when you had to interact with people from diverse backgrounds. How did it affect you and what did you learn? ISB PGP Application Essays 2014-2015 Cornell Johnson "
 ISB Essays | Indian School of Business PGP/MBA Essay Samples MBA Admission Gurus MBA Admissions Mega-Success HOME ABOUT US Why Choose Us? Our Consultants LINKEDIN VERIFIED TESTIMONIALS MBA ADMISSION SERVICES Pre-Application Planning Marketing You! Profiling, Essay, Resume, Reco Editing MBA Admissions Interview Preparation Consulting & Editing Process/Policy Payment Related CONTACT US CRITICAL TIPS MBA Application Strategy Basics And Costs of “Confusion” Wondering Why MBA in Marketing? Consider This Applying for An International MBA? Seven Reasons Why MBA Essay Editing Will Help Planning an MBA abroad? Four Crucial Factors Beyond Rankings Eight tips for a winning MBA admissions interview TOEFL Waiver Request Letter Sample Top Business School MBA Admissions With Low To Average GMAT Possible MBA Admissions Essays Mastered GMAT 670 – Yet US$ 60K Funding For [email protected] Planning an MBA in the UK- Eight Tips For Selecting UK MBA Programs SAMPLE RESUMES SAMPLE ESSAYS MBA SOP SAMPLES SAMPLE RECOS Indian School of Business (ISB) – Sample Essays for PGP/MBA Admission ISB Essay Sample 1 Please give three reasons why ISB should admit you into the class of 2010. These reasons should ideally differentiate you from your competition. As a 10-year-old, I once stood third in annual solo dance competition at School. While the success did bring in a feeling of elation, my father who has always been a go-getter remarked “You should now aim for #1. Keep aiming higher and always be among the best of the best in whatever you do”. I have lived by the statement ever since. As a student, I have excelled in State-level (H.S.C, Rank 40th), University level (M.Com, Rank 2nd) and All-India level (C.A, Rank 47th) examinations. As a finance professional, I started from elementary taxation and accounting roles and now actuate more than US$ 10 Million in corporate fundings for clients at ABC. Awarded twice at work, I have also excelled in other spheres – in social service (Rotary Organization) and in extra-curriculars. Read More of this ISB Essay on competitive differentiation ISB Essay Sample 2 You are contesting the election to be the President of the ISB Student Body. Write a speech you will deliver to the student body on why they should elect you as the President? Fellow-students, it is my pleasure to be a part of the distinguished ISB student community and bring forth my ideas for the ISB Student Body. I have always believed in the power of “collective passion and commitment” – an extra-ordinary force that comes to life when people collectively commit to and move towards a vision. As a manager with ABC Inc. Corporate Financing Division, I was told that my newly formed team of ##, would barely reach a ### Crore sales target. My “Newbie” team did ### Crores and created a record as yet unbroken. We took it up as a challenge and actually enjoyed every moment of it. Read More of ISB student body speech essay ISB Essay Sample 3 Where do you see yourself 3 years down the line after graduating from ISB My career goals evolved right during my schooling years when my father would mentor me towards (a) developing as an all-rounder and (b) investing time to know what I was best at. The multi-tasking developed a certain degree of mental discipline; I was also quick to realize my passion for software technology and developed expertise in software languages (C++ and Java). After graduating with Rank #5, I have developed computer software for achieving a range of business goals – be it cost savings or productivity or competitive advantage. I have learnt to work with and lead teams and have innovatively re-aligned processes/workflow for swift execution. Read More of this ISB Career Goals Essay ISB Essay Sample 4 You have been appointed to head the team to build a dam across the River Zumba. Success in this project is critical for your company and would earn you a promotion. Failure would mean that your company would be bankrupt and will take along with it, its investors and its employees. Building a dam across the river would result in deforestation of a portion of the rainforests and would mean relocation of the tribals and destabilization of wild life at Zumba. There is resistance from environmental groups against your project. You are meeting the head of the resistance movement in one hour wherein you would have to explain your decision. Describe what you would do and why? (You will be evaluated on the creativity and practicality of your solution). (300 words max) I believe that the current stand-off related to the Zumba River Dam Project is due to a Win-Loose situation. The resistance movements (tribals and environmentalists) foresee an environmental damage and destabilization of life – which is a “loss” for them. Unless the other side does not sense a “win”, it will lead to a “loose-loose” situation whereby the project would have to be terminated. Read more of this special topic MBA Essay Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Current [email protected] * Leave this field empty Search This Site Search for: Live Comments and Responses MBA Admission Gurus on Welcome to The Blog-Site of MBA Admission Gurus Denise on Welcome to The Blog-Site of MBA Admission Gurus MBA Admission Gurus on Sample Resumes For MBA Admission Stacey Robbins on Sample Resumes For MBA Admission MBA Admission Gurus on Welcome to The Blog-Site of MBA Admission Gurus jayesh yadav on Welcome to The Blog-Site of MBA Admission Gurus MBA Admission Gurus on MBA Admissions Interview Preparation © Copyright - MBA Admission Gurus LLC Designed by WebDesignerDrops ? WordPress "
  ISB to accept GRE scores from this year! | IMS VKpedia IMS VKpedia for everything about an MBA in India Main menu Skip to content Home About VK Videos CAT 16 FAQs Search GO March 7, 2016 ISB to accept GRE scores from this year! 6 Comments A blog by Ms. Vaishali Madhavan, Head-Admission Consulting (IMS) ISB, which traditionally accepted only the GMAT for their selection process, has announced that it will begin to accept GRE scores for all variants of its flagship PGP program viz: The ISB YLP (meant for pre-final and final year students) The ISB EEO (meant for recent graduates) The ISB PGP (meant for candidates with at least 2 years of full time, post graduation work experience) Indian School of Business (ISB) is one of the only three Indian business schools that features in the Financial Times Global MBA Ranking 2016 – the others being IIM A (for its PGPX program)and IIM B (for the EPGP program). ISB is ranked 29th in the 2016 FT list, up four places from its last year’s position. Apart from the fact that ISB is a top 30 global business school – you should also consider applying to ISB because: The ISB PGP offers excellent recruitments specifically in Consulting/E-Commerce/General Management/Healthcare/IT-ITES/Financial Services Recruiters include A T Kearney, Accenture, Booz & Co, Boston Consulting Group, Deloitte, Ernst & Young, Global eProcure, KPMG, McKinsey & Company, Oliver Wyman, Parthenon, PwC, Siemens Management Consulting, and ZS Associates, Amazon, Bluestone Jewellery, BookMyShow, Flipkart, Myntra, Snapdeal and Quikr The 80% mean salary of the class of 2015 was INR 19,12,444 So – what are the ramifications of ISB deciding to accept the GRE and which test will you take for admissions? Before you decide which test to take – let’s compare the two tests: Each test has Quantitative, Verbal, and Writing components, but as you can see from the table, the types of questions within each section are not always the same. Conceptually the Quantitative sections of each exam are quite similar, as both tests are based on high school level arithmetic, algebra, and geometry. The most common question type on each test is multiple-choice, which are math problems where you are presented with a question and several answer choice options. The major differences between the two quantitative sections are in the remaining question types: the GMAT has an additional problem type called Data Sufficiency and the GRE offers two additional types called Quantitative Comparison and Numeric Entry. The only similarity between the verbal sections of the GMAT and GRE is the Reading Comprehension question type. Reading Comprehension questions present a 100 to 400 word passage, followed by one to six multiple choice questions. The GMAT has two additional Verbal question types: Critical Reasoning and Sentence Correction. Critical Reasoning questions present a short statement or argument (typically two or three sentences), and then test your ability to use logic to evaluate the statement. These questions have multiple choice answers. Sentence Correction questions contain a sentence in which a part of the sentence is underlined, and analyze your ability to identify and correct errors in grammar and usage in the underlined portion. The GRE contains two additional Verbal question types as well: Text Completion and Sentence Equivalence. Text Completion questions contain a sentence or short passage with one, two, or three words or phrases missing. From the answer choices, you must pick the missing word(s) that best fit(s) the overall meaning of the sentence. Sentence Equivalence question present a single sentence with one word missing. You must select the two answer choices that both logically complete the sentence AND produce sentences with equivalent meanings. These question types are a test of your ability to understand sentence context, as well as your vocabulary. The GRE and GMAT both have a 30-minute essay on the analysis of an argument, where the prompt asks you to analyze an argument for its questionable assumptions and overall validity. The GRE also has a second 30-minute essay where the prompt asks you to take a position on an issue and present an argument for your positon using specific examples. The GMAT has a wholly unique section titled “Integrated Reasoning” where, according to the test makers, the four question types (and 12 total questions) “measure how well you integrate data to solve complex problems and test the following skills: Synthesizing information presented in graphics, text, and numbers Evaluating relevant information from different sources Organizing information to see relationships and to solve multiple, interrelated problems Combining and manipulating information from multiple sources to solve complex problems” You are given charts, graphs, tables, or other sets of data and asked to interpret and manipulate them to provide meaningful answers to the questions asked. The real challenge here, aside from the large amounts of information presented, is that the figures are responsive and must often be rearranged—adjusting rows, columns, inputs, etc—before questions can be answered. Scoring on the GMAT versus scoring on the GRE Both the GRE and the GMAT use an adaptive exam format, although in slightly different ways. The computer adaptive format on the GMAT chooses each question based on your performance on the previous question(s), meaning you must answer each question in order, and you cannot skip questions or go back to prior questions. The GRE is a section-adaptive exam: your second sections of Verbal and Math adapt (become harder or easier) depending on your overall performance in your first section of Verbal and Math, respectively. That means that you can skip questions and move around within a section, much as you can on more traditional, paper-based exams. The GRE gives three different scaled scores: A Quantitative score reported on a 130-170 score scale, in 1-point increments A Verbal score reported on a 130-170 score scale, in 1-point increments An Analytical Writing score reported on a 0-6 score scale, in half-point increments The GMAT provides four separate scores: A Quantitative Score on a scale of 0 to 60, in 1-point increments A Verbal Score on a scale of 0 to 60, in 1-point increments A Total Score on a scale of 200 to 800, in 10-point increments An Analytical Writing score reported on a 0-6 score scale, in half-point increments For the GMAT, the Quantitative and Verbal scores are section scores, and these two section scores are combined to create the Total Score. The Total Score is the one most familiar to GMAT test takers, and it is given on a 200 to 800 scale, with 200 being the lowest score and 800 the highest score Pricing The current price to take the GMAT is $250, while the GRE costs $205. What should you choose – the GMAT or the GRE? One advantage of taking the GRE is that it provides greater flexibility. While, the GMAT is designed exclusively for business school – GRE scores are accepted across most graduate programs. Hence, if you are applying to other programs such as Engineering Management Programs, Technical Masters Programs or interdisciplinary dual degree programs that accept the GRE – then you should look at taking the GRE One immediate difference between the GMAT and the GRE is that the GRE provides an on-screen calculator for use during the Quantitative sections, while the GMAT does not allow for the use of a calculator. If you are not good at synthesizing data from charts, tables, graphics, text, and numerical reports – you will find the Integrated Reasoning section of the GMAT challenging. In this case the GRE might be an easier test to take. Bear in mind though that certain management consulting firms consider the score on the Integrated Reasoning section as a recruitment parameter The GRE puts a big emphasis on vocabulary. The GMAT places a greater emphasis on logic and grammar, which can help or hurt depending on your abilities. Finally, the GRE can be more tedious than the GMAT. The GMAT does not have unscored sections, but the GRE can have one or two unscored sections. However, the GMAT does have unidentified trial questions which are not counted while scoring To summarise.. In conclusion if you are applying to dual degrees/technical Master’s/Engineering Management Programs along with ISB – take the GRE. If you are applying only to business schools and ISB is one of the options, and your Quantitative ability is better than your Verbal ability – take the GMAT. If you are applying to Business school and ISB is one of the options, and you have a great vocabulary but struggle with grammar, then go for the GRE. Share this: WhatsApp Tweet Like this: Like Loading... Posted by vaishalimadhavan in Admission Counselling Post navigation ? Budget 2016-17: What it entails for education STEM OPT rules revised – international students will have more time to find jobs in the US! ? 6 thoughts on “ ISB to accept GRE scores from this year! ” abhishek says: March 9, 2016 at 9:08 pm is this really true? Like Like Reply vaishalimadhavan says: March 10, 2016 at 3:32 am Hi Abhishek, Yes this is confirmed news – straight from ISB’s admissions committee. They made the announcement last Sunday – you can also checkhttp://www.isb.edu/pgp/admissions/admission-prerequisites Like Like Reply Yash says: April 14, 2016 at 10:09 am Sir ideally how much time should be devoted in terms of months/hours for GMAT preparation? (I got 93 percentile in CAT this year.) Like Like Reply vaishalimadhavan says: April 14, 2016 at 10:35 am Hi Yash, Since you already 93 %ile you are conceptually strong and well equipped to take the GMAT. You need to ensure that you bridge the gap between CAT and GMAT in terms of getting used to essay writing for the AWA and an adaptive testing methodology. This should take you between 3-6 weeks. You can walk into your nearest IMS center and take a GMAT diagnostic test to get an accurate assessment. Like Like Reply Abhishek Shukla says: May 17, 2016 at 7:16 am What GRE score is required for getting selected to ISB? I already have a GRE score with me. Like Like Reply vaishalimadhavan says: May 17, 2016 at 9:56 am Given that this is the firsy year that ISB is accepting the GRE – there is no average GRE score available. If you use GMAT/GRE concordance tables, a 710 (ISB’s average GMAT score) translates to 328 on the GRE. Furthermore the Quant and Verbal scores should be balanced – a 90%ile plus on each will definitely be helpful. Good luck! Like Like Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. The Countdown has begun.. CAT 2016 - The D-Day December 4th, 2016 46 days to go. Follow this Blog: Get E-mail Updates Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 759 other followers Blog Stats 403,140 hits Connect with us on Facebook Connect with us on Facebook Ask VK @ Quora An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. Categories Categories Select Category Admission Counselling CAT CET Data Interpretation Decision Making Essay Writing General Knowledge GRE IIFT Logical Reasoning MS Quantitative Ability SNAP Uncategorized Verbal Ability WAT-GD-PI XAT Recent Posts Myth vs Math: What is a good percentile in CAT? CAT 2016 Notification: The Highlights How to analyse Mock CATs: Mock liya…ab karna kya? How to solve CAT questions in 60 seconds? The C.A.T. will now bell the CAT!! Recent Comments VK on How to prepare for CAT 20… VK on Myth vs Math: What is a good p… VK on Myth vs Math: What is a good p… VK on How to analyse Mock CATs: Mock… VK on Myth vs Math: What is a good p… A blog for CAT-takers (by a 5-time 100 %iler): CAT-holics CAT 2015 – do or DI again My take on this years’s paper: Overall Structure: closely resembled the mock they had uploaded (which is not always the case!). My bad, I totally failed to call this one; I didn’t think it made sense to have a paper with 24 RCs and 10 paragraph-based TITAs as it tests too narrow a range of […] A brief history of CAT 2015 As I did last year, I’ll divide this into two posts, this one detailing the overall test-taking experience (which could be of use to next year’s candidates, I suppose) and another short one with my take on the test structure and level. Some of you might directly wish to jump to the other one :) […] CAT 15 Lead-up – 20 The last lead-up post for this year….enjoy! For last minute tips and advice, you should also visit T’s blog at http://www.imschennai.in/blog/ Also try https://vkpedia.in/ for advice on everything from attacking TITA questions to keeping your cool in the paper. CAT 15 Lead-up – 19 To wind up this lead-up series, today and tomorrow I’ll do a couple of Verbal posts for a change. Para-jumbles, without options. Mostly they will not be too difficult; the intent is more to get some basic practice at doing TITA parajumbles! CAT 15 Lead-up – 18 Must-read for every GMAT taker: The GMAT Blogger GMAT Quant: The Roman Numeral Problem GMAT RC: Guided Practice Set 2 GMAT PS: You will never need to do heavy calculation GMAT SC: Idiomatic Usage III GMAT SC: Idiomatic Usage II Archives September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 Search for: Archives September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 Categories Admission Counselling CAT CET Data Interpretation Decision Making Essay Writing General Knowledge GRE IIFT Logical Reasoning MS Quantitative Ability SNAP Uncategorized Verbal Ability WAT-GD-PI XAT Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Recent Comments VK on How to prepare for CAT 20… VK on Myth vs Math: What is a good p… VK on Myth vs Math: What is a good p… VK on How to analyse Mock CATs: Mock… VK on Myth vs Math: What is a good p… Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this: "
  ISB PGPMAX - Top MBA for Senior Executives | MBA Admissions Consultant India Call us: 9899831738 | info@gyanone.com Menu Home About GyanOne Application / Essay editing MBA Essay Editing Masters Statement of Purpose Masters in Management PhD SoP Executive MBA admissions help MFAB MBA Interview Preparation Test preparation GMAT Preparation SAT Preparation in Delhi NCR BAT Preparation Career Counselling Resume Creation Case Study Preparation MBA Rankings GyanOne Reviews Blog Contact Us Home > ISB PGPMAX ISB PGPMAX ISB PGPMAX POST GRADUATE PROGRAMME IN MANAGEMENT FOR SENIOR EXECUTIVES (PGPMAX) is an Executive-MBA level programme, tailored specifically for senior audiences to help them sharpen their management skills and enhance their decision making abilities. It is a rigorous and challenging programme-the seven-day schedule includes full days of teaching, with s enior faculty from the ISB and other global schools provide the latest management education. The programme attracts senior executives and business owners from diverse functions across industries and, t he programme format allows senior professionals with demanding schedules and high level of responsibilities to continue to work while attending this programme. A week of classroom learning is conducted every sixth week. It also offers t wo academic terms in USA, one week each at Kellogg & Wharton. ISB PGPMAX Essays: ISB’s dream is to see its employed alumni ascending to leadership roles and business owner alumni grow their organizations substantially. Please highlight TWO qualities that you have, which will allow you to accomplish ISB’s expectation from you. Illustrate these qualities with examples and evidence by citing achievements from past where you have displayed these qualities. (500 words max) ‘Business schools should not offer any career/placement services’. Make a strong argument for the motion. (300 words max) ISB PGPMAX Video: What are your goals in life/career? How will PGPMAX help you achieve those goals? (90 seconds) WHY OUR ISB ADMISSIONS AND ESSAYS CONSULTING SERVICE IS OUTSTANDING Comprehensive: We don’t just provide essay editing – we give you an immersive, intense, and in-depth service that helps you to improve each and every aspect of your application till it is nothing short of outstanding! After all, your objective is not just to submit great essays – it is to ensure that your application results in an ISB admission. Driven by experienced experts: Our service is delivered only by top ISB alumni themselves. Our ISB consultants are also not just ISB alumni, but people who have experience of also being part of the ISB admissions evaluation process. Why does this matter? We believe that just being an alumnus of ISB does not make one an expert consultant for others. We bring in not just our intense knowledge of ISB , but thousands of hours of training, counselling, and coaching ISB applicants across hundreds of applications spread over the last five years. We don’t just guide you on to the path that worked for us. We guide you on to the path that will work for YOU. Committed and dedicated: At GyanOne, you are never just our client. Your are our partner, and we are as (and possibly even more) committed to your succcess as you are. We don’t provide consulting by the hour. We don’t provide a ‘final look’ service that coaches you at the end of the race rather than the beginning. We don’t provide an ‘essay editing only’ service. All this, because we believe that an application is not just about a sanity check, about decent essays, or about what we can tell you in just one hour. An application is about knowing you and appreciating you, and helping the admissions committee to do the same. We encourage you to get to know the consultant you will be working with before you take our service, so you are absolutely convinced of the high quality of our service and the high calibre of our consultants. Our proprietary application support methodologies, AppOne™ and AppOne™ Premium, help you manage the ISB admissions process in the best possible way. Click here to know more about our complete admissions consulting process . We have helped more than a hundred successful ISB applicants from across industries, with varying levels of work experience and a range of GMAT scores to gain acceptance at ISB. We help you to truly reach your potential and exceed it! Want to know more about ISB? See these posts: Life at ISB Mohali Five ISB admissions myths busted What ISB offers beyond academics ISB placements 2016: ISB’s best yet Five reasons why ISB is a great school An overview of the ISB YLP essay process ISB YLP stage 2 essays analysis The ISB Early Entry Option: an overview ISB Admissions Success Story: Does being from an IIT help? Share this: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Interested? Contact GyanOne! Fill up this short form Please enter your query MUST KNOW MBA FUNDAS Why an MBA , Finance your MBA , MBA Application , Recommendations , MBA Interview , Which MBA to choose , MBA Rankings , SCHOLARSHIPS , GMAT Guide , Consulting after MBA , ISB MBA ...... GyanOne featured on: GyanOne Reviews Got through Kellogg School of Management, Co2016! I know the feeling of finally making it to my dream school, THE KELLOGG SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT, is going to take some time to settle in, I wanted to put a word of thanks to the GyanOne team and recommended their services to all candidates aiming for top bschools in US. Kellogg is my dream bschool and am really excited to crack it, all thanks to the GyanOne team! Unlimited brainstorming sessions at wee hours of the day, unconditional support on all aspects of the admission process (MBA applications as well as MBA interviews), detailed insights into the admission processes of top schools, is what their MBA admissions consulting services offers you. They helped me shape up my thoughts, views and goals, to help me bring clarity, quality to my essays and add impact to my applications. In my journey while working the GyanOne consultants, throughout the bschool selection process, creating top notch applications and preparing hard for the interviews, I made some friends for life and am glad to be a part of their network Harsh Garg Kellogg School of Management Co2016 / Yale School of Business, Darden and McCombs 2014 Admit Excited to share the good news that I received admit from Goizueta with scholarship. Rishabh has been a constant support for me throughtout the application process right from school selection and brainstorming on clearly defining my career goals and hence putting the best application forward. Swati's interview tips were very valuable and increased my confidence. Thanks Gyanone team. I am grateful for your help. Vaibhav Gupta Emory Goizueta MBA Admit (Fall 2016 start) I have been admitted to ESSEC (20,000 euro scholarship) and HEC. Thanks for all your help; without you, this was impossible! Vishal Sanduja HEC Master in Management; ESSEC MSc in Management (2016 intakes) Yale Silver Scholars selects just 10 students from around the world. It feels awesome to be a part of this esteemed management program. I want to thank the GyanOne consultants who worked very hard with me to make his happen. They provided me with thorough preparation on interviews and case studies, along with numerous brainstorming sessions to create a very strong application to Yale. More than consultants, they were like friends whom I can reach out for any kind of advice and support. Before I enrolled with GyanOne, I had signed up with one other consultant, with whom I had a terrible experience in terms of timelines and quality. I am so glad I made the right decision then to go with GyanOne, who made my dream a reality. It’s not easy to be a part of the world best management program and I am really grateful to GyanOne for their help, guidance1 and support. They are truly experts and know the admission process in and out. The personalized attention that I got from them is praiseworthy and is something which is sure to bring success to those who are planning to take a big leap so early in their career. Thank you again GyanOne. Yale here I come!!! Ashok Pancily Poothiyot Yale School of Management, Silver Scholars Excellent Service, Expert guidance and, Exemplary knowledge is what you should expect from GyanOne, if you are applying to the best MBA in the world. Honest feedback and detailed brainstorming sessions help you structure your thoughts, bring together your views and understand what works when you are competing with the best in the world. As I go to live my dream over the coming years in my life, I would like to thank my consultant, who is a pro and can make you really believe in yourself! Dheeraj Stanford Business School Admit 2014 / Johnson Cornell Admit 2014 I am proud to have associated with GyanOne for their MBA Application Review service. I have made relationships for life with this group having really sincere and hard working chaps. Their service is truly comprehensive and they are true to every word of their commitment and dedication. Cracking Chicago Booth and then Columbia, two of the 10 best MBA in US could not have been possible without them. I was very happy with all my essays and was confident of the interview calls while submitting my applications. Thanks again to you guys! Shonali C Chicago Booth School of Business Admit 2014 / Columbia Business School Admit 2014 Hi guys.. Just wanted to share the good news. Made it to ISB (Hyd). Thanks a lot for all the help and guidance. Enjoyed working with you. :D Rohit Maskara Indian School of Business (ISB) Class of 2016 I have good news. Yesterday I received an offer from IMD! Thank you so much for all the help you have given me. I don't think I could have done it without your hep. Sophie Shilimindri IMD Co2015 admit I have taken GyanOne’s help for my applications and interview preparation for UNC Kenan Flagler and I am glad to recommend them for their brilliant services. I have an admit for the fall 2014 intake, and want to thank the GyanOne team for their expertise and support throughout the admissions process. Their experienced consultants, from top b-schools, understand the admission process well and provide their clients personalized help into all aspects of the application and interview process. Their comprehensive help with essays, supporting documentation and mock interviews made me comfortable and confident about submitting a strong application. I truly appreciate their experience and expertise and would be glad to answer anyone’s queries on their services. Aditi Khare UNC Kenan Flagler, Fall 2014 admit Made it to IIMB with scholarship and Duke Business Sschool. Thank you for all the help, guidance and mentoring. Avinash Deori Duke Business School / IIMB with Scholarship I wanted to tell you I got accepted at Cornell!! I have also been put on waitlist for the scholarship. Thanks a ton for your help bro, this could not have been possible without you at all!! Rohan Sangari Johnson Cornell MBA / Johnson Cornell MBA with scholarship I received an admit from the Kellogg School of management's Russel Fellows (MSMS) program and Gyan One's contribution towards that was immense. I highly recommend Gyan one to anybody looking for a good management degree, not just a MBA Vishesh Jain Kellogg School of Management / MSMS program Thrilled to get an admit to the HEC Paris MiM! This wouldn't be possible without Gyanone's help in highlighting aspects of my profile in a way that totally fit HEC's selection criteria! Ria Jain HEC Paris / Masters in Management Great experience working with Gyanone services. Received an admit from HEC Paris for their full time MBA program. Gyanone was immensely efficient, right from the shortlist of the school to the application process. They posses valuable insight about the school and know the perfect way to pitch your application for the school. Its also a great introspective journey when you work with them. At every stage, with the help of elaborate conversations, you're more clearer about your goals and aspirations than before. Nikhil Jones HEC Paris / MBA Thanks to GyanOne team, I got admit to ISB. Gyanone team was highly professional, they guided me in both writing essays and preparing for interview. They helped me highlight best part of my application, even with sub 700 GMAT score, I felt confident about my profile. I feel satisfied and lucky that I made the right decision of choosing GyanOne at the most critical junction. Ankit Nanda ISB Hyderabad / PGP Gyanone helped me convert both the b schools I applied to. I had a low gmat score of 680 and relatively low work ex of 30 months, but gyanone helped me shape the essays in a way to showcase my strengths . They were very honest with feedback on the essays and went through multiple iterations with me. They were instrumental in my success in getting into ISB and Mccombs and I would definitely recommend them to anyone applying to business school . Divya Mahankali McCombs Business School / ISB Hyderabad My association with GyanOne started with a profile evaluation post GMAT. I have got great advice from GyanOne right from my first interaction regarding schools and their intakes. I was glad to have decided to extend this association for the entire MBA application process. Right from consultation regarding schools, shaping my goals and essays to interview prep, I got end to end guidance from Rishabh and Swati. I am really thankful to GyanOne for helping out with my application process which seemed such a daunting task in their absence. Tania Bhattacharya Kellogg School of Management / NUS Singapore Made it to NYU Stern Langone program. Can't thank you enough! Kudos! Sudhir Patamsetti NYU Stern / Langone Program I had succeeded in getting admission call from one of the premier institutions in the world with your help. I would again thank you, Swati and the whole GyanOne team for all the help that was provided. I have already recommended your consultancy to all my friends who had mentioned GMAT in front of me so I believe you should get some calls from them. :) Rahul Kumar Ross MBA / IIMC PGP Converted both Nanyang and CEIBS. Thanks for providing all the guidance and support in making the correct decision. This certainly was not possible without your help. Many thanks once again. Arpit Bhatanagar Nanyang Singapore / CEIBS China I got through UNC kenan flagler and Kelley with 50% scholarship. Thrilled! Thank you so much for the great help you have been providing me throughout the application. Aditi Paliwal UNC Kenan Flagler / Indiana Kelley with 50% scholarship Made it to UCLA Anderson. All thanks to you. You have been a great motivator. Awaiting scholarship results! Hrishikesh Mahajan UCLA Anderson Got through Ivey with a 20000 scholarship ad HEC Paris. Tough Choice! Really cant thank you enough for everything. It has all been possible because of GYANONE. Manveer Saluja Richard Ivey with $20000 Scholarship / HEC Paris Both ISB and IIMC Admits. I am so excited and struggling to make a choice. This is all because of the right guidance and hard work done by GyanOne. I had heard strong positive reviews about them before enrolling and understood the reason behind them when I started working with them. They are very thorough with the admission process of top bshools and helped me craft out my admission procedure with a lot of careful assessment. I really want to thank them and would want to advice all applying to top MBA, to take their services. Thank you! Sanjukta Sen IIMC PGP / ISB PGP McCombs: “Wanted to share the first piece of good information to you. I got an admit from McCombs yesterday night :) Thanks a lot for your support and without you, it would not have been possible to achieve it.” Tepper: “I got an admit from Tepper yesterday night!!. Without that super advice, it would not have been possible to achieve it. Thank You!!!” Tuck: “Got into Tuck!!! I am speechless :) Thanks a lot again!!!!” Rajeevaksha DV Tuck School of Business, Tepper, McCombs, 2014 admit Thanks for your support and efforts, I have finally recieved an admit form MIT for their SCM program, with a 50% scholarship. Thanks once again for all the help. Really appreciate it. Abhay Khare MIT, Masters in Supply Chain Management, Class of 2015 Thanks for all your help guys! Your knowledge of top schools and of how to prepare winning applications is awesome! Couldn't have done it without you. RS Admitted to Wharton and MIT LGO Hi, I had taken services from GyanOne for my Stanford MSX and MIT SCM applications and, it was a wonderful experience working with them. I have got an admit from both the programs and highly recommend them to all applicants applying to top bschool in the US. Thank you! Swetha GB Stanford MSx and MIT SCM Admit Hi, I am Dhruva. While I was researching on bschools, I came across GyanOne and since that day I started working them. I took their services for my Kelley Application and am happy to inform that I have got an admit with scholarship and graduate assistantship. All thanks to GyanOne, especially Rishabh for extensive help on my essays. I would highly recommend them, they are very approachable and provided answers to each and every question I had with very prompt email replies. Once again thank you GyanOne and Rishabh for all your help! Dhruva Bharadawaj Kelley School of Business with Scholarship I had applied for IMD 2016 admission, and today received an official admission confirmation from the adcom. I took GyanOne services for their extensive IMD interview and case study preparation. Their service was highly professional and focussed. I would definitely recommend them to all future aspirants. Rakesh Renganathan IMD Switzerland Hi, This is Rajan Seth. I took GyanOne's services for applying to top bschools in the US and have recently received an admit from Kenan Flagler business school with 100% tuition waiver. I found GyanOne's services to be excellent, professional and highly expert driven. Would certainly recommend them to all applicants applying to top bschools around the world. Rajan Seth Kenan Flagler Business School with 100% scholarship Hi, I am an operations professional from marine background. I worked with GyanOne to apply to various bschools abroad as well as in India. I am delighted to have received admits from ISB Hyderabad and from MISI SCM program with scholarship. I really enjoyed working with GyanOne and felt they are truly experts. I recommend them to all applicants preparing their applicants to top MBA programs. Nitin Trivedi ISB Hyderabad and MISI SCM I am a Merchant Navy officer and had enrolled with GyanOne for applying to INSEAD. I saw that they had deep expertise, were always willing to help in whatever way possible, and helped me create an excellent final product that resonated well with INSEAD. After receiving the interview call from INSEAD, I also took GyanOne’s help in preparing for the interview. Again, their excellent advice and great feedback helped me to prepare well for the final interview, which I was very comfortable with after three mock interviews with GyanOne that closely simulated the real interview. I received the INSEAD admit earlier this week. Kudos GyanOne! Ramaswami Balaji INSEAD, HKUST admit 2014 I have received an admit for the Masters in MS in Computer Science at University of Chicago and Texas Dallas for the fall 2014 admissions. While looking for admission consultants who specialize in Masters applications and SoPs, a friend (who got into a top US program) suggested me GyanOne admission consultants. Over the next two months, the GyanOne consultant, with his deep knowledge of the IT and analytics industry, helped me understand the Masters admission process and, the right elements that have to be highlighted in my SoPs and application to these top Masters programs in US. It is their experience, exposure of interacting with various top schools and good network of successful clients, that made by experience working with them truly rewarding. I would suggest everyone looking to apply for top Masters programs, to go with them, to create best quality, well-structured and impactful SoPs! Abinash Dash University of Chicago and Texas Dallas, MS in Computer Science Hi, I am Teja, and I am delighted to recommend GyanOne today for the excellent services they provided me for application preparation and mock interviews. I am an IT analytics professional with a very different profile spanning technology, analytics, and healthcare. I needed a consultant who could first understand my profile well and then help me to highlight the right elements to appeal to top B-school admissions committees. Not only did GyanOne help me create great applications for success at ISB and Rotman, but also provided me invaluable coaching to help excel at admissions interviews. I have received an admit from ISB and am awaiting the final result from Rotman. I highly recommend GyanOne for their outstanding application help and mock interview services. Teja Kanuparthy ISB Admit 2014 I have great news. Got through Medill! This was not just impossible but unimaginable without you. Thank you for all your help across everything! Ananya Gupta Northwestern Medill IMC admit I took GyanOne’s help for my ISB application and found their service to be really good. I contacted them just about 10 days before the submission deadline, and I felt that their inputs and help in structuring my stories and my essays was really excellent. They helped me to showcase my strengths well, clearly demonstrate my potential, and improve my overall application significantly. I am impressed with the knowledge base, experience and the expertise that they hold into the ISB admission process. I was able to submit comfortably in time, received an interview call from ISB, and received the final offer. A thumbs up to GyanOne and their ISB application service! Sudeep Reddy ISB admit, Co2015 Hi Swati and the entire team of GyanOne, I hope you are doing great. I apologize for not getting back to you earlier, I was on a 20 day trek in the Himalayas so couldn’t communicate due to lack of internet connectivity. But I DID get into ISB :-D , got my offer letter on the 15th. (YAY! :-) ) My family and I are extremely happy and excited. I thank you from the bottom of my heart, It would not have been possible without you guys :-) Thank you and Best wishes ! - From a very happy client :-) Lipika Rao ISB Co2015 admit I would like to put in a positive review of GyanOne Admissions Consultants who helped me in creating a strong application for Schulich, where I have gained admission with a $10,000 scholarship. GyanOne consultants worked hard with me in helping me test my ideas, explore the program, and decide on how I could best leverage my strengths. I feel that I owe this GyanOne review to them. I come from non-profit background, so understanding what I do is not easy as my profile is not the typical Indian professional’s profile. I found GyanOne to be very helpful in terms of being able to understand my profile and the work that I do. They were also able to help me establish a very good fit with my target school, bringing in their expertise of what the school offers. GyanOne’s review of my ideas and goals was also spot on. They helped me to refine my thinking and select the right points from my profile to highlight. In the non-profit sector, one is usually involved across a variety of roles, and choosing the right ones to highlight can be difficult. Also, I believe that a non-profit profile has its strengths but still needs to be very clear in terms of why the person is seeking an MBA. GyanOne’s reviews helped me to put across my goals in a way that helped me to achieve that. Overall, I highly recommend GyanOne to all applicants looking for highly professional and high quality admissions consulting. Thanks guys! Vinayak Nagarajan Schulich Business School Co2014 “I could not have imagined that I would ultimately make it to schools that I considered to be beyond me at first. I sincerely thank you for your guidance and support throughout the application process, which was truly very worthwhile in building up my candidature.” Anubhuti Agarwal Master in Management, LBS, HEC, IE (Co2015) I could not believe the news the first time I read it. Thanks to you guys. I am highly impressed by the you completely revamped my application in just 10 days before the ISB R1 deadline. Glad I made the right decision at the last moment. Thank you for the efforts you guys put in in understanding my profile and aspirations (being an entrepreneur) through brainstorming sessions, and for your expertise that was clearly visible from the final output attained. I have recommended your services to (now successful ) ISB candidates before (in R2) and shall do it in future as well. Wish you guys all the best! Bhargav Lingamaneni ISB Co2015 I would like to express my sincere appreciation to the Gyanone team for helping me secure my admit at the Richard Ivey School of Business. The professional manner in which they conducted their services and the feedbacks provided during the mock interviews were very much valued. Being a working professional, they helped me channelize my core strengths and correspondingly bridged the gap between the b-school I was applying to. I would recommend their services to aspiring b-school applicants without a second thought. Justin Mattam Ivey Business School Gyanone's services are highly professional. The application prepared by the guidance of GyanOne showcased the best of my abilities in a very convincing manner to the adcoms. Gyanone's extensive knowledge of B-schools all over the world helped me to focus and narrow down on my school list and a very similar enviroment was simulated during the mock Interview. This helped me do well during my actual interview. I would recommend this service to passionate MBA aspirants. Good service. Quality was delivered within the short-time frame we had for the application Sagar Kolli Ivey Business School, Class of 2015 I would first like to thank you for helping me in preparing excellent essays and also guiding me in choosing schools for my profile in the last minute. I understand that we had to run through to meet the deadlines, but finally you could make my application look good. I am very happy that I got into a good school Rutgers that has its own brand in US. I am also happy to be waitlisted in GWU.Thank you very much for helping me out and making me cross the toughest barrier to pursue my career. Hope I would have contacted you in the beginning. Thanks once again :) Suresh Puthy Rutgers Business School, Class of 2015 Guidance provided in preparing the essays and verifying the application is magnificient. I was impressed with the way the team follow the planned schedule. Without you guys, I would not have been able to submit the application in round 1. I must say the feedback provided after the interview was fantastic. That has helped me a lot. Sumanth Muvvala ISB, Class of 2014 I used GyanOne AppOne services for brainstorming on my application, polishing my resume, and getting a second professional look on my essays. I took a package for 4 international B-schools, and have already received an interview invite from Ivey Business School in Canada. GyanOne team is a very competetive group of people, eager to help the candidates.Though a good interview performance is required to secure a final admit, but working with GyanOne has been an amazing experience so far. My consultant was very adjustable with respect to timelines, integrated my views well into the application and the essays, and we could present a good overall story. The response time of the consultant has been amazing. Though there are always a few glitches, but overall I felt like my consultant was working real time with me. I have also availed the IntOneservice, and expect to get an admit at a top B-school at the earliest. Kunal Ivey Business School (interview call) As a proud ISB R1 2013 admit, I really want to thank GyanOne for its amazing interview preparation service. It was great to work with them. They helped me prepare for the ISB interview, on a very short notice. The questions asked in mock sessions are tailored to our profile and help you get a close to real experience of the actual interview. The feedback helped me shape up not only the content, but also provided me with pointers on voice modulation and various aspects of body language. I think this formal preparation did help me be more confident about myself and gain clarity on a lot of aspects of my profile. I would recommend GyanOne to all potential ISB aspirants Pooja Kumari ISB admit, Co2015 I would like to provide feedback about GyanOne admission consultants. I had taken GyanOne’s service for preparing my applications to Schulich and Sauder business schools in Canada. What I liked about them is the personalized attention they provide, with several rounds of review on each and every aspect of the MBA application. They make sure that the application is in the best possible shape, even when you are not able to spare time on your essays with work commitments, by providing you with timely help, reminders and revisions. Although I have still not decided on which school would I be selecting finally, I really want to thank them for making this possible. Would not have been possible without their knowledge of the admission and interview process, detailed feedbacks, expertise, professionalism and commitment. Thanks a lot guys! Rajat Mehta Schulich Business School, Sauder Business School admit (2014) I am a professional in product development domain of the automotive industry. CEIBS China, one of the top programs in Asia, was my top choice for pursuing an MBA. I got in touch with GyanOne, and was impressed with their insights and knowledge about Asian bschools. GyanOne helped me in preparing a strong application for CEIBS. The essays, resume and other aspects of the application were taken care of and guidance was provided on a proactive basis throughout my association with them. After getting an interview call, I also took their services for the interview preparation, and was very happy with their detailed feedbacks and close to real mock sessions. They really know what top schools expect out of Indian candidates and help you focus on the right aspects. I would highly recommend their services to all those who are preparing their applications for CEIBS and other top Asian bschools. Jagga Raju CEIBS China Co2016 I want to thank GyanOne admission consultants for helping me prepare for the XLRI interview process. I received a admit into the XLRI class of 2017. GyanOne provided a very close to real experience with their mock interview sessions and comprehensive feedback, which included tailoring parts of your responses to important interview questions. This helped me gain clarity on my thought process and tackle the XLRI interview process confidently. It was then when I realized the importance of taking help from a professional for MBA interview preparation, especially as I was out of touch with this procedure with so many years of work experience. Their comprehensive interview preparation for XLRI also provided me with a lot of information about the program and activities at XLRI. Thank you GyanOne! From A happy XLRI admit Biplab Gorai XLRI Co2015 admit Received an admit from ISB for the certificate program in data analytics. Want to put in a word of thanks for the comprehensive interview preparation provided by Swati at GyanOne. Your interview preparation is not only tailored for each program and profile, but also comprehensive in terms of the feedback, being exhaustive from all parameters. It was great interacting with you, and the experience did help me, gain some important perspectives for life. Thanks again! Anuj Agarwal ISB Co2015 / ISB Biocon Certificate Programme in Business Analytics IntOne: The mock interviews conducted by Gyanone were very close to the real one I faced! The consulting helped me prepare better and keep my nerves cool! The consultant also tailor made the questions as per the school based on their previous experience of working with them. I would recommend Gyanone's services to applicants looking at acing their interviews! SB Sauder School of Business, Class of 2016 AppOne: I believed that my communication skills would afford me the confidence to handle my MBA applications well. But in the course of preparing them, I felt that something was amiss. I needed that professional guidance to optimize every line within word limits. Gyanone's expert understanding of the game helped me achieve that. They were super flexible and worked round the clock to meet deadlines. I truly appreciate my consultants inputs and wish Gyanone even more success in the future! SB Sauder School of Business, Class of 2016 I sincerely appreciate the quality of time and energy that you guys put into your students. They are flexible with the schedule. The feedback provided is great. I benefited immensely from their coaching. They inspire you and instill confidence in you. I have secured admission into one of the best B schools which is known for its rigorous and intense assessment day. I would strongly recommend GyanOne to anyone aiming for Harvard, Insead, IMD, LBS. SM Top 3 European business school It is with great pleasure to write this testimonial for GYANONE. After searching for lots of admission consultants, I stumbled upon GYANONE admission consultancy. The GyanOne consultants have really helped to really create awesome application for my masters program. Even when I was in the verge of my deadline for my application in Australian business schools, the consultants worked hard to help me create my Sop for three top ranked schools(Monash university, university of Sydney and Australian school of business) which helped me to get interview calls from all the three colleges that I had applied. Till now , i have already got an offer from MONASH UNIVERSITY with 60 percent scholarship. From my experience, I have no hesitation in claiming that when it comes to persuing GMAT and subsequent B-school admission process, GYANONE is the way to go. And btw, it is competitively priced too!! All you applicants out there, feel free to reach out to me for any questions. Aninda Mukhopadhyay Monash University, Australia, Co2016 Cracked HEC Paris! Delighted to provide insights into my admissions journey. I am a banking professional with close to 6 years of work experience, some of which was in the IT industry (yes, I was lucky to make a smooth career shift!). Working for a PSU for long, I wanted to get exposure into the international banking industry and broaden my scope of domain knowledge. I worked with GyanOne right from my GMAT preparation to preparing my application and finally cracking the interview. The faculty members and consultants at GyanOne are really focussed and provide you with that individual attention you seek. So you are not just one among others. They counsel you at every step and make sure you are considering all parameters before taking that important step in your career. I truly believe I could not have done it without them and would recommend them to all applicants aiming for top MBA and looking out for dedicated admission consultants. Nisha Vaidyanathan HEC Paris / HEC Paris Admit 2014 I am a Dental Surgeon, with about 6 years of work experience working across top hospitals in Delhi. I worked with GyanOne for my applications to Healthcare management programs across top business schools in India. I really want to thank my consultant at GyanOne, who helped me prepare fantastic applications and crack the interview at IIMC, with his extensive knowledge in the healthcare sector. I truly appreciate his expertise in the healthcare domain, and his experience working with doctors across various fields. Have recommended and would recommend GyanOne’s consultants to all fellow healthcare professionals. Cheers GyanOne! Dr. Shuja Khan IIM Calcutta / Healthcare Management Program Get In Touch Address: 109, MG Road, Near Chhatarpur Metro Station, New Delhi - 30 Email: info@gyanone.com Tel: + (91) 9899831738 Website: http://www.gyanone.com Blog: http://www.gyanone.com/blog Our Expertise MBA Essay Editing Case Study Preparation Resume Creation Executive MBA admissions help PhD SoP Masters in Management GMAT coaching in Delhi / NCR and online ISB MFAB BAT coaching MBA Interview Preparation Latest at GyanOne ISB essays 2016-17 | ISB PGP | ISB application 2016 MBA Essays, Analysis, and Deadlines FREE GMAT Practice Test 1-on-1 GMAT coaching | Private GMAT tutoring GyanOne Reviews Media and Press Centre Work with Us Sitemap Top MBA Rankings by Industry Best Executive MBA programs MBA in Entrepreneurship MBA in Finance MBA in Information Technology (IT) MBA in Marketing MBA in Supply Chain Management [Copyright (C) GyanOne 2016] [Privacy Policy] [Terms of Use] "
  Top 5 myths about ISB application busted! -Admissions CrackVerbal Call us on +91 9008177800 enquiry@crackverbal.com Home GMAT GRE Admission Work With Us MBA Essay Review MBA Interview Prep MBA PathFinder MBA Resume Review Why Choose Us Our MBA Experts Success Stories Our Creative Process Free Resources MBA Profile Evaluation E-books Library Video Library Events and Workshops MBA Programs Blog Admission Tips Admit Stories Essay Analyses Other Interesting Topics Contact Us Home > Admissions > “Top 5 myths about ISB application busted!” “Top 5 myths about ISB application busted!” Posted on August 03, 2012 Over the last decade of its existence, ISB has evolved into a brand in itself – a sense of honor, prestige and accomplishment for everyone who has graduated from the Indian School of Business ! Constantly ranked as one of the top B-schools in India and also as 20th in the Global Top MBA Rankings 2012, Financial times, London, ISB has a lot to offer to future leaders in terms of research based innovative curriculum, international outreach, global best practices and insight into emerging markets for career growth. ISB has constantly maintained these esteemed rankings for five years consecutively. To add more feathers to its cap, ISB has also been revered with South-Asia’s first AACSB accredited school! Undoubtedly, MBA aspirants are not leaving any stone unturned to add ‘ISB’ into their CVs. However, in this helter-skelter, several myths have cropped up over the last few years. Most of these grapevines are related to the application process of ISB. We are looking at the top 5 myths! Myth 1: You are bound to get rejected with a sub-700 score! GMAT is important. Very important! This is because to select among thousands of applicants, this concrete 3 digit number is of great help to B-schools world over. GMAT provides a good indication of a student’s logical application in a business context that will make him an effective future leader. But do not forget that GMAT is just a part of the selection process and not the selection process itself. Any reputed B-School, including ISB looks for a complete package to fit in their MBA program and not just one aspect in isolation. There is a reason why ISB accepts applications with a lower GMAT score. Else they could have just put up on the website “Applicants with only a GMAT score higher than 700 need apply”. According to the official ISB statistics around 25% of the entering class had a sub-700 score. Infact over the last few years we have had several of our own students get through with a sub-700 score getting! This myth is perhaps propagated by those who got rejected because the other factors such as weak essays, poor interview are intangibles that no one wants to admit. I have not heard an applicant say “I got dinged because my post-MBA goals were perhaps a bit fuzzy”. While GMAT gives a more solid reason – “I got dinged because I had a 690” makes the excuse a bit more palatable. Read on for a detailed Analysis on the ideal GMAT score range for ISB . Myth 2: You shouldn’t apply with more than 10 years of work-experience! Till date, ISB has created over 4000 global leaders who are spread over 25 countries! Though the average experience in the class is still a “young” with 3-6 years experience being the median on the curve, more and more mid-career professionals are seeking an ISB PGP to catapult their careers to the next level. ISB PGP admissions committee understands the unique background such senior people bring in, and works hard with the industry to ensure that they are rewarded with a position that is commensurate with their talents and experience. While the usual career progression is into a managerial position (“LEAD”), the students with more than 8-10 years of experience are provided with opportunities to interview for senior management roles such as Country Head (“LEAP”). However, a caveat over here is that ISB (or any Bschool in the world) cannot guarantee placements. This is a known fact that there are fewer positions at such a level and that an MBA is not a “placement agency”. It is important that applicants with rich experience bring with them their own network, as well as understanding of their domain. ISB placement committee can ensure that the required groundwork is done to help facilitate the process. Myth 3: The details in the application form are not that important! ISB has an online application form that contains details regarding the applicant’s profile such as educational details, work-experience details, essays, video, and recommendations. Along with this there are also some details, which many applicants consider “minor”, such as extra-curricular, awards, languages known etc. However the admissions committee gets to review a file which contains these very details before it even gets to see your essays. Thus, these details on the application form become the initial point of contact between you and ISB. First impression may not be the last one, but first impression does take you to the next level, that is the interview! Thus, every aspirant should ensure that he/she reserves enough time to fill out all the details in the application form completely so that it comes across convincing, interesting and unique. It is very easy to create a login to see what are the details required. Do not leave out filling the form to the last date of application, when you will be hurried and might end up making mistakes. Myth 4: Showing NGO/not-for-profit work is a must on your application! ISB is in search for people who bring varied perspective into the classroom discussions. That is why you will come across many interesting yet so-called “unconventional” profiles at ISB of people who have been involvement in the society around us through various NGOs. However, it is a myth that ISB wants everyone who applies to have contributed to a social cause. Though, it is true that such an association does impact the applications in a positive way, it should only be added if the applicant has genuinely done so. Association with an NGO just for the sake of embellishing your application will actually reduce your chances of an admission! Integrity is a quality that is highly regarded in B-schools these days. Culturally Indians tend to use their times constructively in many other different ways – not just in social causes. So, candidates should look at creative ways of revealing their managerial or leadership qualities such as playing a sport, or being a part of rock-band! Myth 5: The essays are the crucial aspects, the interviews can be handled! Applicants place a lot of emphasis on the application essays – a correct thing to do because it is through essays that B-Schools will actually get to know about who you are as a person, and what you bring to the table. However, it is also equally important that you focus on the interview process, through which the admissions committee tries to see if the person behind the essays is interesting in real-life. Those 20-40 minutes are crucial because it is an opportunity for you to bring out real-life examples to convey your strengths and managerial traits. There is more to you than an application form and the ISB interview panel wants to see that. Don’t deny them the opportunity by trying to play safe and telling them what you think they want to hear. Or still worse talking something tangential to what you have mentioned in your application essays. Here is what we suggest to applicants facing an MBA interview – treat it like a conversation, not a quiz. The panel wants to know you better, and the only person who can help them is you. Just ensure you are able to articulate the main questions well – why you want to do an MBA, why specifically ISB, why is now the right time in your career, and why should they select you. The rest of the questions should be about what *you* have done in *your* life – something you should definitely not worry about! I hope this article was useful in busting a few myths for you. Did you believe in any of them before you started reading? Is there any other myth you would like us to answer? Do let us know. For those planning to apply to ISB this year , please write to enquiry@crackverbal.com or call us @ 9008177800. « « » » 6 Comments S.Mukund says: February 15, 2016 at 9:47 am hi I am a chartered accountant cleared in 2012 and cleared DIploma in IFRS from ACCA(England).I have 3 years of work experience in finance and taxation in a manufacturing industry. I wish to join ISB. Please advice in this regard. Reply crackverbalgmat says: May 17, 2016 at 2:41 pm Hi Mukund, We’d be glad to help. Our consultant will reach out to you on your email.. Reply janardhan says: June 4, 2016 at 3:18 pm Hi Mukund, May I know what is good GRE score for ISB ? Reply crackverbalgmat says: July 19, 2016 at 4:23 pm Hi, You can read this elaborate article here on the best GRE score for ISB and also how ISB will evaluate GRE scores for the PGP program of 2017: http://gre.crackverbal.com/gre-score-for-isb/ Reply Sonali says: October 2, 2016 at 10:41 pm Hi, I have done BE(EC) & MBA (Operations,2012 pass out). I have 3 years of experience. Kindly suggest. Reply Admission CrackVerbal says: October 18, 2016 at 5:59 pm Hi Sonali, Can you please give some more background about your profile, your work profile and also your GMAT score if you have taken it. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Recent Posts INSEAD Essay Analysis for 2016-2017 Columbia Essay Analysis 2016-2017 Ross Essay Analysis Harvard Essay Analysis 2016-17 ISB Essays Analysis for 2016 – 2017 Popular Posts “Top 5 myths about ISB application busted!” Improving your MBA profile – 40 ways to an awesome MBA application! Financing Your MBA Sub-700 GMAT Score – What are your chances at ISB? ISB Essays Analysis for 2016 – 2017 Stay tuned × Profile Evaluation Name * Email * Phone * City * Have you taken GMAT? * Yes No × B-school insight First Name * Email * Phone * City * Have you taken GMAT? * Yes No × Newsletter × Home Our MBA Experts Testimonials Contact Us Sitemap Admission Services MBA Essay Review MBA PathFinder Career Brainstorming MBA Interview Prep Free Resources B-School Info E-books Library MBA Profile Evauation Video Library MBA Admissions Blog CV Advantage Our MBA Experts Student Testimonials Our Creative Process Bangalore Address S7, 2nd Floor, Gem Plaza, Infantry Road, Shivajinagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka . Chennai Address No : 44, Old No : 8, 2nd Floor, Krishna Shree Enclave, 1st Main Road, Gandhi Nagar, Adyar, Chennai, Tamil Nadu Top Articles Why MBA? How to stand out in the MBA Application pool? How to get into your dream B-school ebook Stay tuned © 2016 Crackverbal. All Rights Reserved"
  ISB-PGP MBA Essay Questions 2016 - 2017 and Writing Tips FAQs Login Login Facebook Gmail Register Menu Home Packages Standalone Services Customized Essay Editing Packages Resume Editing Interview Preparation Application Rejection Analysis Specials Blog Contact us ISB-PGP-Indian School Of Business MBA Essay Questions And Writing Tips Search school: Pricing for ISB PGP Editing Services &nbsp ISB PGP Class Profile 2016-2017 MBA Essay Questions Q1. Why you? (400 words) If we were to admit just 1 more candidate to the Postgraduate Programme (PGP) at the ISB, why should it be you? R) This is your selling pitch. The school requires you to display your ability to stand shoulder to shoulder with current students/alumni. How do you stand apart - in terms of your calibre, accomplishments and possible impact as ISB student and alumnus. Dig deep and think of something that is truly yours and that ISB would value. Something that you can speak passionately about. Explore your finest accomplishments, your larger than life interests, or your deepest desires for which you have worked relentlessly. You might come up with just one such thought or you may have 2-3 such anecdotes. Doesn't matter as long as you can back these qualities with objective data or examples or stories and make a crisp argument. Do not forget to establish a direct connection between the qualities you choose and ISB's academic and non-academic resources elaborating how exactly you will contribute to experiences of the student body. Your strengths must correlate with the notion of competency as follows. Academic Competency Ability to contribute to classroom and learn from peers Competency to practice ISB?s ethos after graduation Q2. Goals (300 words) Describe your your short and long term career plans. How does the PGP fit in with those? R) Short term is typically up to 5 years and long term means 5-10 years. Give an idea of what your ultimate vision is, (designation and industry). Highlight your present competencies and think about what would be your first job after MBA, and then move into the details. Understand and communicate exactly how each step leads to the next, and why they are important pieces of one bigger vision. Be incredibly specific. Do not skimp over details and assume the reader knows what is what. Explain methodically. Second, how will ISB PGP program help you achieve your goals? Consider the following examples: Acquiring specific domain knowledge Through school initiatives such as General Management Conclave, Women in Business Conclave etc. Student Clubs such as Business Technology Club, Consulting Club etc. Placement/Recruitment events Networking opportunities Specific inputs from interaction with alumni/college/family friends etc. Link it with your goals. Previous years' ISB-PGP-Indian School Of Business MBA Essay Questions 2008-2009 ISB PGP Essay Questions and Analysis 2009-2010 ISB PGP Essay Questions and Analysis 2010-2011 ISB PGP Essay Questions and Analysis 2011-2012 ISB PGP Essay Questions and Analysis 2012-2013 ISB PGP Essay Questions and Analysis 2013-2014 ISB PGP Essay Questions and Analysis 2014-2015 ISB PGP Essay Questions and Analysis 2015-2016 ISB PGP Essay Questions and Analysis Please Note: We try to ensure that the essay questions are updated, however, we strongly suggest that you check school's website for the most authentic information. Services MBA Admission Consulting MBA Essay Editing MBA Resume Editing MBA Interview Service MBA Ding/Rejection Analysis Free Resources Free Essay Editing Post MBA Careers Customized deadline tracker About Our story Why ApexWriters Business Principle Privacy and Terms Contact WhatsApp- 992-003-8667 Email: info@apexwriters.com Skype/Hangout:'Apexwriters' Free Consultation Call Work with us Social Subscribe for occasional updates 2006-2016. All Right Reserved. ApexWriters-Your preferred partners for MBA Admissions, since 2006. "
  ISB PGPPRO PROGRAM | goISB ISB PGPPRO PROGRAM | goISB Get in touch! +91 - 9871354580 | info@goisb.com Home ISB Programs PGP YLP PGPMAX MFAB PGPPro Services Essay Review Mock Interview Guaranteed Admissions Program (GAP) New Team Success Stories Blog Contact Home Blog Uncategorized ISB PGPPRO PROGRAM ISB PGPPRO PROGRAM 25 Aug ISB PGPPRO PROGRAM By admin Uncategorized ISB PGPPRO , ISB PGPPRO Admission criteria , ISB PGPPRO Fee Structure , ISB PGPPRO Program Overview 0 Comments ISB has recently launched an exclusive Weekend Executive-MBA equivalent program created for mid-career working professionals to meet their career goals. The program is called Post Graduate Program in management or PGPPRO for working professionals. For More details Click Here Share this post Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google + Email Author admin Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Related Posts 08 Dec ISB Interview Experience 2011-2012 ISB Interview 1 Profile : 7 years in Banking Industry, GMAT: 640 Interviewed by Panel-5... read more 06 May ISB deadlines 2013-2014 ISB deadlines for class entering in 2014 ( class of 2015) have been announced. For... read more 30 Apr ISB essays & deadlines 2016 ( 2017 intake) Here is some news for ISB aspirants looking to apply for class entering in... read more 06 May ISB PGP 2014-2015 application portal open now ISB PGP 2014-2015 application portal open now Visit: http://pgpapp.isb.edu/ to access the application portal goISB Team read more 02 Apr ISB deadlines 2012 Cycle 1 Cycle 2 Application Deadline September 15, 2011 November 30, 2011 Offer Date By November 15, 2011 By February 15,... read more 23 Apr ISB application for 2012-2013 session open now The deadlines for the two rounds of admission are as follows: Cycle 1 Application Deadline: September... read more 21 Aug ISB PGPMAX Class Profile: Academic Year 2010-11 The founding class has attracted senior executives with diverse profile. Here is a glimpse. Source :... read more Search for: Recent Posts ISB PGPPRO PROGRAM ISB essays & deadlines 2016 ( 2017 intake) ISB admissions infosessions 2016 ISB essays 2014-2015 ISB PGP 2014-2015 application portal open now Recent Comments Shivam Gupta on ISB PGP 2014-2015 application portal open now swetha on ISB PGP 2014-2015 application portal open now Keshav on ISB PGP 2014-2015 application portal open now Vishal Tonk on ISB deadlines 2013-2014 Sumathi Manohar on ISB deadlines 2013-2014 Get in Touch! Contact Information Address: 26/21 Shakti Nagar, Delhi 110007 INDIA Phone: +91 - 9871354580 Email: info@goisb.com Latest Posts ISB PGPPRO PROGRAM August 25, 2016 ISB essays & deadlines 2016 ( 2017 intake) April 30, 2016 ISB admissions infosessions 2016 April 30, 2016 © Copyright 2015. All Rights Reserved. Home ISB Programs PGP YLP PGPMAX MFAB PGPPro Services Essay Review Mock Interview Guaranteed Admissions Program (GAP) New Team Success Stories Blog Contact "
  My experience at ISB campus: Rahine Bose, ISB, PGP 2017 batch Jump to navigation x Register now to explore your dream career. Explore Careers360’s predictive tools for better decision making. Know about latest happenings in education sphere (Management, Engineering, Medicine & Allied, Degree Programs, Study Abroad and Professional courses). Discover and compare more about colleges and courses. Sign In with Facebook Sign In with Google Header after scroll Careers360 Bschool Engineering Animation & Fashion Computer Applications Finance & Accounts Hospitality & Tourism Competition Law Media & Journalism Medicine Pharmacy School Study Abroad Universities & Degree Colleges Read Read Latest Articles Featured Articles Latest News Life at Campus Placement Reports Scholarships Topper Interviews Quick links Executive MBA Colleges in India Distance MBA in India MBA Colleges In India MBA Colleges in Tamil Nadu MBA Colleges In Maharashtra MBA Colleges in Uttar Pradesh MBA Colleges In Karnataka Course Degree BBA Colleges in India BBM Colleges in India Post Graduate Diploma Colleges in India Course Offered General Management Colleges in India Human Resource Management Colleges in India Marketing Management Colleges in India Explore College Find Your Best fit State-wise Colleges College Reviews Rank-wise Colleges List of IIMs Courses List of Management Courses List of Popular Management Courses BBA Marketing Finance HR Exam Under Graduate Post Graduate MBA-BBA Exam Dates CAT XAT CMAT MAT Quick links Top MBA Colleges in India Top MBA Colleges in India 2016 Top MBA Colleges in India 2015 Top MBA Colleges in India 2014 Courses After 10th & 12th Download App Higher Education in Indian States Plan Plan UG Exam Calendar PG Exam Calendar Prepmeter Result Predictor College Predictor Pathfinder Quick links CAT Pathfinder XAT Pathfinder CMAT Prepmeter SNAP Pathfinder Connect Quick links CAT Discussion XAT Discussion MAT Discussion Resources Resources E - Book Store Sample Paper Store Search Search form All Content All Content Article and News Course Exams Forum College Scholarship College Reviews Campus Events Search Login/Register Home / Articles / My experience at ISB campus: Rahine Bose, ISB, PGP 2017 batch Indian School of Business, Mohali Campus Follow 36 Home Courses Gallery Reviews Alumni Articles Discussions My experience at ISB campus: Rahine Bose, ISB, PGP 2017 batch By: Sreetama Datta Updated On: 13 Jun 2016 04:29 PM IST Tweet Follow ISB or Indian School of Business is a dream campus for MBA aspirants who have already invested in gathering notable work experience. Having made a mark in the professional life, they often aspire to enhance their managerial skills and according to ISB PGP 2017 batch student Rahine Bose, there could be no better institute than ISB owing to its diverse classrooms, faculty members and the unique pedagogy. In this column, Rahine shares his experience at the B-School which has been ranked among top ranked management institutes in the world and his advice for the aspirants aiming to join ISB . Prior to joining ISB , he was Chief Manager & Regional Head Sales at ICICI Bank Ltd. Excerpts from the column: Rushing to the Library in the wee hours to grab a book on Economics or taking a dip at the Campus Pool, life is a full circle at ISB at its Mohali Campus. One has to admit that a quality MBA education should develop an individual into a well-rounded human being. This is called the transformation that one goes through once in a lifetime. The Indian School of Business sets itself apart from all other B-schools in this regard that it makes you live a life which is unparalleled. With its rich blend of students coming from diverse backgrounds, ISB is a panorama of brilliant minds. Diverse Classrooms At its Mohali Campus, the institute boasts of 280 students coming from some of the top notch academic institutes of India and the world. The class has diverse work experience backgrounds and this is what sets this institute apart from all others when it comes to the selection procedure. This was one of the biggest push for me too when I decided to apply for ISB. The fact that I will be interacting with my batchmates who come from varied industries from diverse sectors was a boost in itself. ISB is a place where you would not find a fresher just out of college doing an MBA, but it is a place where everyone has something to bring on the table and the experience varies from 2 years to 20 years and above. ISB Admission – Tough nut to crack Ranked amongst the top 30 B schools of the Globe (as per the prestigious Financial Times Global MBA Rankings 2016) ISB (Indian School of Business), has been able to carve a niche for itself. If one is able to crack this tough nut, an amazing experience awaits to unfold. As per reports, ISB receives the 4 th highest applications amongst all B Schools in the world who take applications through the GMAT entrance exam, and has one of the stiffest admission processes. In India like all aspiring MBA aspirants it was a dream for me too to walk through the hallowed portals of this prestigious institute. Apart from ones GMAT score which is also averaged at a staggering 710-720 (range being 610-780), one needs to showcase brilliance in various facets of work, life, academics and should bring in genuine and honest recommendations to get this cracking. There are students who keep trying and are reviewed as re-applicants the next year of the year in which their applications didn’t make the cut. One round of advice I can give to aspirants is that one has to be serious with the essays in the application as that is the mirror which gives the true image about what you as an individual are. All significant achievements in one’s career can be highlighted through the essays and thus they are very very important and have a significant weightage in the final selection. It doesn’t matter if you have not done well in one of the facets, your ability to bring out the best in some other domain is what decides your crossing the line and making it here. ISB Advantage Another big advantage of ISB is that it draws the top faculty from top notch global institutes like the Wharton the Kellogg and the likes. It is a mind blowing experience to learn from such stalwarts. Academics at ISB is an intellectually stimulating experience and one will be having the opportunity to go through Case based learning which is very interactive . Apart from academics ISB has many student clubs which are the professional and social clubs. For example you will have the Graduate Student Board and Senior Executives Club and on the other hand you have the musical club, sports club and many more. ISB provides you opportunities unparalleled to bring out the best in you. All of this culminates into the strong placements that happen at ISB and in 2016 the record breaking 1100 plus offers to its 812 students stands testimonial to this fact. With companies coming from all sectors and consulting being the most sought after, ISB is one of the favourite hunting grounds for the recruiters for years now. Advice for aspirants My one piece of advice to all aspirants would be to work hard on the application and give it your best shot. Yes it is a herculean task to crack ISB but if one has the grit and the determination then ISB will turn into a reality. Live it for a lifetime. Stay tuned to bschool.careers360.com for more news and updates on ISB Hyderabad and Mohali. Post Comment About Author Sreetama Datta 60 Followers 82 Friends 10 Posts 837 Points 1009 Contributions View my google+ profile I have over six years’ of rich experience covering the Management education beat. I am an alumna of Indian Institute of Mass Communication (IIMC), Delhi and over the years, have covered each and every aspect of management education, extensively for MBA aspirants, students, educators and all stakeholders alike. Other articles by this author IIMs must release CAT Question Paper and Keys for transparency, says CAT expert Arks Srinivas CMAT 2017 Sample Paper CMAT 2017 Syllabus 3 IIM Fellows join MRYA School of Business as faculty members CAT Troubles: Will IIMs address these problem areas bothering CAT takers every year? Related Articles Previous Pause Next Networking with professionals and consultants at campus help me... Collaborative learning environment and the diverse faculty... Uber India President Amit Jain addresses ISB Mohali campus... The programme fosters global learning through international... Suggested Reading : isb | ISB Hyderabad | ISB Mohali Discussion Board Sign In with Facebook Sign in Register to post comment View the discussion thread. Join Us and Login Admission Buddy Login Join Us Following Colleges are accepting applications. Great Lakes Institute of Management Apply Now Myra School of Business Apply Now Institute of Finance and International Management (IFIM) Apply Now IBS Business School Apply Now View All Application Forms» Most Popular Articles More » How 99 percentilers prepared for CAT By: Urvashi Dalal Updated on: 19 Oct 2016 CAT 2016: Latest Updates By: Urvashi Dalal Updated on: 18 Oct 2016 How to fill IRMA Application Form 2017: Step-by-step guide By: Urvashi Dalal Updated on: 17 Oct 2016 IIMs! Don’t use testing partner as shield to evade CAT answer sheet release By: Ashish Jha Updated on: 15 Oct 2016 College Find Your Best fit State-wise Colleges Campus Events College Reviews Rank-wise Colleges Top MBA Colleges in India Top MBA Colleges in India 2016 Top MBA Colleges in India 2015 Top MBA Colleges in India 2014 List of IIMs What After 10th And 12th Ranking 2016 Top B-Schools in India Top 100 B-Schools in India Top B-Schools in North India Top B-Schools in East India Top B-Schools in Central India Top B-Schools in South India Top B-Schools in West india Exams Under Graduate Post Graduate CAT XAT CMAT MAT State Wise Ranking Top MBA Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Top MBA Colleges in Karnataka Top MBA Colleges in Tamil Nadu Top MBA Colleges in Uttar Pradesh Top MBA Colleges in Maharashtra Top MBA Colleges in Gujarat Top MBA Colleges in Madhya Pradesh Top MBA Colleges in Odisha Top MBA Colleges in Punjab Top MBA Colleges in Delhi NCR Top MBA Colleges in Telangana City Wise Ranking Top MBA Colleges in Delhi Top MBA Colleges in Mumbai Top MBA Colleges in Kolkata Top MBA Colleges in Chennai Top MBA Colleges in Pune Top MBA Colleges in Hyderabad Top MBA Colleges in Dehradun Top MBA Colleges in Lucknow Top MBA Colleges in Indore Discuss UG Exams Discussion Forum PG Exams Discussion Forum CAT Discussion XAT Discussion CMAT Discussion MAT Discussion Products CAT Prepmeter XAT Prepmeter MAT Prepmeter SNAP Prepmeter CMAT Prepmeter Exam Wise Ranking Top MBA Colleges accepting CAT Score Top MBA Colleges accepting XAT Score Top MBA Colleges accepting CMAT Score Top MBA Colleges accepting MAT Score Library Latest Articles Featured Articles Latest News Sample Paper Store E - Book Store Life at Campus Topper Interviews Scholarships Placement Reports BBA Google Plus Facebook Twitter Youtube » About » Contact us » App » edufy » Hiring » Authors » Sitemap » Magazine » Report » Refund & Cancellation » Delivery & Shipment » Disclaimer » Comment policy » Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 Careers360 X Back to Top "
  ISB Hyderabad Now Accepts GRE Scores For Its Flagship PGP | InsideIIM.com X Connect with: Username or Email Password Remember Me Register | Forgot Password X ? All you wanted to know about an internship at Aditya Birla Group. Know here. Toggle navigation STORIES FOR YOU FEATURED STORIES ALL STORIES LIKED STORIES TV CAMPUS STORIES @WORK TEST PREP PERSPECTIVES TRENDING Please Login/SignUp to view notifications Please Login/SignUp to view messages Write A Story Login Uncategorized ISB Hyderabad Now Accepts GRE Scores For Its Flagship PGP March 14, 2016 Edgar Stephens Leave a comment March 14, 2016 Edgar Stephens Leave a comment GMAT GRE ISB Hyderabad × Close You need to login in order to like this post: click here Message Author ? ? ISB Hyderabad Now Accepts GRE Scores For Its Flagship PGP The PGP is ISB’s full-time one-year residential Post Graduate Programme in Management. It is comparable in rigor and content to a regular two-year full-time MBA programme offered by global business schools. To apply for the PGP at ISB, the candidate must have a bachelors or post-graduate degree in any discipline. Additionally, he/she must have a minimum of two years work experience. He must also have a valid GMAT/GRE score. Previously ISB used to accept GMAT scores but now it is even accepting GRE scores this year onwards. For students out of India, a TOEFL/IELTS score is required. Giving the GMAT/GRE is mandatory but there is no cut-off for the same. These scores are valid for 5 years from the time taken the test. In case you score higher in a consecutive exam, the higher score is selected at ISB, provided it is a valid score. It takes up to three weeks for the official scores to reach ISB. The GMAT/GRE requirement will not be waived under any circumstances. You can visit the FAQ page of ISB for more information here . Advertisement Advertisement What is GRE? GRE stands for Graduate Record Exam. It is widely taken in order to get admission in colleges especially in United States. The GRE is conducted by ETS – Educational Trust Services. It is a computer-based exam of 3 hours 40 minutes consisting of 6 sections each. This exam can be taken upto 5 times in a year. The GRE syllabus includes Verbal Reasoning, Quantitative Aptitude and Analytical Writing. You will receive your scores after a period of 15 days of writing the exam. For more information you can go onto the official ETS website – www.ets.org/gre . (References taken from www.isb.edu and www.ets.org/gre ) Edgar Stephens × Close You need to login in order to like this post: click here Message Author ? ? Other Stories by this Author 'Playing To My Strengths Was The Strategy I Adopted' - Sandhini Nagvekar On How She Aced SNAP Aug 08, 2016 How To Write Better Emails - 5 Easy Ways Aug 05, 2016 Evolving Consumer Trends That Could Change India In 2016 Aug 04, 2016 5 Digital Marketing News Sources You Need To Be Reading Aug 02, 2016 Post navigation Previous Post Social Placement Report – IPM IIM Indore – Class Of 2018 Next Post The Tug Of War Between Offline And Online Retail Discuss Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Connect with: The Management Education University of the Future – IIM,CAT,XAT,MBA, GMAT, Placements Search for: Recent Posts How To Go About Preparing For The Bocconi Test Know About The Highest Paying Certifications For Your Career Growth How to Approach Paragraph Completion – CAT 2016 Verbal Lesson The Inspiring Story Of A French Teacher In Ladakh Digital Marketing And Disruptions In Finance – DIME IIT Kanpur Recent Comments Vikas Pandey on From Failure To XLRI – My Hustle To Get Into A Top B-School – Gauri Shankar’s Story Gauri Shankar on From Failure To XLRI – My Hustle To Get Into A Top B-School – Gauri Shankar’s Story akshay gundar on From Failure To XLRI – My Hustle To Get Into A Top B-School – Gauri Shankar’s Story Gauri Shankar on From Failure To XLRI – My Hustle To Get Into A Top B-School – Gauri Shankar’s Story Ankit Ujjwal on From Failure To XLRI – My Hustle To Get Into A Top B-School – Gauri Shankar’s Story Archives October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 Categories Academics All Time Favourites Alumni Reports B school Admissions B school favourites B-School Featured B-School Fests Best of InsideIIM Campus Life Competitions Entrepreneurship Executive Education Featured InsideIIM Debate InsideIIM PrepZone – Virtual Class Interview Experiences Perspectives Placement Reports Placements Professors Rankings Recruitment Rankings Scholarships Selection Process Social Sensitivity Student Exchange Summer Saga The InsideIIM Career Guide Uncategorized Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org © 2016, All Right Reserved Join The Conversation About InsideIIM About Us Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Explore InsideIIM Academics Campus Life Recruitment Rankings Exchange Placements Industry Entrepreneurship Selection Process Executives Best Of InsideIIM Get Involved Stories TV Best Of InsideIIM All Time Favorite Placement Reports Alumni Reports Recruitment Survey Career Guide Summer Internship Stories InsideIIM Debate B School Features B school Admissions "
36, 
  ISB PGP (@ISB_PGP) | Twitter Home About Search query Search Twitter Saved searches Remove Verified account @ Suggested users Verified account @ Verified account @ Language: English Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català ?eština Dansk Deutsch English UK Español Filipino Français Hrvatski Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Român? Sloven?ina Suomi Svenska Ti?ng Vi?t Türkçe ???????? ????????? ???? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ???? ???????? ??????? ????? ????? ?????? ????? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ??? ??? ???? ???? Have an account? Log in Have an account? Remember me · Forgot password? New to Twitter? Sign up ISB PGP @ ISB_PGP Tweets 325 Following 5 Followers 693 More Unmute @ISB_PGP Mute @ISB_PGP Follow Following Unfollow Blocked Unblock Pending Cancel ISB PGP @ ISB_PGP The official Twitter account of the Post Graduate Programme in Management of the Indian School of Business Hyderabad | Mohali isb.edu/pgp Joined June 2013 16 Photos and videos Photos and videos Tweets Tweets Tweets & replies Media @ISB_PGP is blocked Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @ISB_PGP. View Tweets Close ISB PGP followed ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 22 Jun 2015 ISB takes up a # SocialCause to mentor Rajjipur, Panchkula to improve education & healthcare http:// buzz.mw/b6giy_f pic.twitter.com/Zc6sdGZDfR 0 replies 7 retweets 16 likes Reply Retweet 7 Retweeted 7 Like 16 Liked 16 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 5 Jun 2015 The problem of personal finance scams can’t be solved; it can only be contained. http:// buzz.mw/b6pa1_f 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP Retweeted ISB ? @ ISBedu 20 May 2015 813 bright, young achievers across the globe make it to ISB’s PGP Class of 2016 http:// buzz.mw/b6np7_f pic.twitter.com/Vpq8bkXtRV 0 replies 7 retweets 3 likes Reply Retweet 7 Retweeted 7 Like 3 Liked 3 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 25 May 2015 Get ahead of the herd with an # MBA ! Meet ISB's Admissions Team at the # QSMBATour in Mumbai. http:// goo.gl/0H44i3 pic.twitter.com/HOhZfK0XQ1 0 replies 0 retweets 1 like Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 1 Liked 1 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 20 May 2015 Climb the corporate ladder with an # MBA . Meet ISB's Admissions Team at # QSMBATour in Bangalore http:// goo.gl/j5guHJ pic.twitter.com/guNSsLRQhv 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP Retweeted ISB ? @ ISBedu 13 May 2015 # Mompreneur & ISB alumnus, Supriya Hiremagalur helps young Indian parents to solve # parenting queries http:// buzz.mw/b6lf4_f @ TheZenParent 0 replies 2 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet 2 Retweeted 2 Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 13 May 2015 Take the next step in your career with an MBA. Meet ISB Team at # QSMBATour in Delhi. Register http:// goo.gl/oQDLJh pic.twitter.com/VRlWrDheby 0 replies 0 retweets 1 like Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 1 Liked 1 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 12 May 2015 Meet Team Admissions in # Hyderabad on May 17, 2015 for the # ISBPGP Infosession. Register here: http:// goo.gl/gr0kuS pic.twitter.com/03yPjq7Lzw 0 replies 6 retweets 2 likes Reply Retweet 6 Retweeted 6 Like 2 Liked 2 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 30 Apr 2015 The # YLP results have been communicated by email. Please write to ylp@isb.edu or call at 040-2318 7474 for any clarifications. 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 27 Apr 2015 ISB Professor Sridhar Samu gives insights into # AirtelZero Rate Plan http:// buzz.mw/bqx2c_f 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 20 Apr 2015 Work hard and party even harder. Have a great year ahead, Class of 2016. # WelcometoISB . pic.twitter.com/1Jh4iUpC4E 0 replies 1 retweet 1 like Reply Retweet 1 Retweeted 1 Like 1 Liked 1 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 16 Apr 2015 Leaving behind hefty pay packages, these ISB alumni followed their dreams and became successful # entrepreneurs http:// buzz.mw/bqwtr_f 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP Retweeted ISB ? @ ISBedu 14 Apr 2015 @ ISB_PGP helps Payal Agarwal, engineer, designer, take a career leap & become a Global Engagement Manager @ hcltech http:// buzz.mw/bqzgg_l 0 replies 1 retweet 0 likes Reply Retweet 1 Retweeted 1 Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP Retweeted ISB ? @ ISBedu 8 Apr 2015 Countdown to the grand finale of this year @ ISB has begun with two days to go for # ISBGradDay http:// buzz.mw/bqore_f pic.twitter.com/mgk9O5kMFL 0 replies 5 retweets 6 likes Reply Retweet 5 Retweeted 5 Like 6 Liked 6 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 30 Mar 2015 TiE-ISB event generates Rs 290 crore investment leads for 14 startups http:// buzz.mw/bq92f_f 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 25 Mar 2015 Ajit Seth, Cabinet Secretary to Government of India, shares best practices in # policy making with # ISB Students http:// buzz.mw/bqutz_f 0 replies 1 retweet 0 likes Reply Retweet 1 Retweeted 1 Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 18 Mar 2015 Indian companies should help # women break the glass ceiling, says Isha Bhatnagar, ISB’s PGP Co2015 http:// businesstoday.intoday.in/story/companie s-should-help-women-break-the-glass-ceiling/1/216746.html … 0 replies 0 retweets 1 like Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 1 Liked 1 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP Retweeted ISB ? @ ISBedu 15 Mar 2015 Women # entrepreneurship is crucial for India's economic growth says # Mompreneur + ISB alumnus, Shruti http:// buzz.mw/bq1mi_l 0 replies 1 retweet 0 likes Reply Retweet 1 Retweeted 1 Like Liked More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP Retweeted ISB ? @ ISBedu 12 Mar 2015 # Indian women are the most ambitious lot, says @ jeffrey_archer addressing students at ISB http:// buzz.mw/bqay4_f 0 replies 7 retweets 3 likes Reply Retweet 7 Retweeted 7 Like 3 Liked 3 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet ISB PGP ? @ ISB_PGP 9 Mar 2015 Applications to the Young Leaders Programme (YLP) close on March 15, 2015. Apply Now http:// buzz.mw/bq6ud_f pic.twitter.com/50YburzbCN 0 replies 0 retweets 1 like Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 1 Liked 1 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet @ISB_PGP hasn't tweeted yet. Back to top ? Loading seems to be taking a while. Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information. New to Twitter? Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline! Sign up You may also like · Refresh Hyderabad | Mohali © 2016 Twitter About Help Terms Privacy Cookies Ads info Close Choose a trend location Dismiss Close Previous Next Close Go to a person's profile Saved searches Remove Verified account @ Suggested users Verified account @ Verified account @ Close Retweet this to your followers? Optional comment for Retweet Saved searches Remove Verified account @ Suggested users Verified account @ Verified account @ 140 Retweet Tweet Close Are you sure you want to delete this Tweet? Cancel Delete Close Promote this Tweet Close Block Cancel Block Add a location to your Tweets When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more Turn location on Not now Close Profile summary Close Your lists Close Create a new list List name Description Under 100 characters, optional Privacy Public · Anyone can follow this list Private · Only you can access this list Save list Close Close Copy link to Tweet Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends. Close Embed this Tweet Embed this Video Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again? Include parent Tweet Include media Preview Close Log in to Twitter Remember me · Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up » Close Sign up for Twitter Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. Sign up Have an account? Log in » Close Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes: Country Code For customers of United States 40404 (any) Canada 21212 (any) United Kingdom 86444 Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2 Brazil 40404 Nextel, TIM Haiti 40404 Digicel, Voila Ireland 51210 Vodafone, O2 India 53000 Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance Indonesia 89887 AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata Italy 4880804 Wind 3424486444 Vodafone » See SMS short codes for other countries Close Confirmation Close Close Close Buy Now Hmm... Something went wrong. Please try again. Welcome home! This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you. Tweets not working for you? Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account. Say a lot with a little When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets the person who wrote it know you shared the love. Spread the word The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly. Join the conversation Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in. Learn the latest Get instant insight into what people are talking about now. Get more of what you love Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about. Find what's happening See the latest conversations about any topic instantly. Never miss a Moment Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold. Back Next Next Tweet from user "
  Indian School of Business PG Programme in Management Admission 2017 ISB PG Programme in Management, ISB Hyderabad PGP Management, ISB PGP Management Admission 2016 Toggle navigation Entrance Exam Dates Engineering Medical - MBBS Medical PG MBA Entrance Exam UPSC Exams Banking Exams Law Entrance Common Entrance Test - CET PHD Entrance Exam MSc MTech Entrance Exam Syllabus FREE ENTRANCE EXAM ALERTS Latest Notifications All India Entrance Exams JEE Main JEE Advanced GATE Exam CBSE AIPMT AIPGMEE NCHMCT JEE AFCAT Central Univ. CET CBEE-Biotech CLAT LSAT INDIA GPAT Exam UPSC NDA Exam UPSC Civil Services NDA Exam AIIMS MBBS JIPMER MBBS AIIMS MD MS PGI Chandigarh MD MS CAT AIMA MAT AITCE CMAT CA CPT Exam Common Entrance Tests Karnataka CET Kerala KEAM Law CET IPU CET TANCET EAMCET Maharashtra MAH CET NIMCET GCET DNB-CET CA-CPT GUJCET Punjab Univ. CET MPPET MHT-CET State Entrance Test Karnataka CET Kerala KEAM Rajasthan PET Maharashtra MAH CET EAMCET Jharkhand JCECE UPSEE Oriasa JEE WBJEE MPPET GOA CET MAH MH-CET BCECE Punjab CET Admission Alerts MBA Admission Distance Education Engineering Colleges PHD Admission BBA Admission B.Ed and M.Ed Admission Fashion Tech. Hotel Management Merchant Navy MSc MTech. Admission B.Pharma MPharma Journalism Nursing BSc MSc BCA Law Courses Anna University Dental - BDS MDS BCECE Punjab CET Home Indian School of Business PG Programme in Management Admission 2017 See this page in HINDI >> Indian School of Business Hyderabad PGP 2017-18 & Early Entry Option 2016 Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad invites applications for admission to one year Post Graduate Program (PGP) in Management for the academic session 2017-18 and the Early Entry Option 2016. The academic model at the Indian School of Business (ISB) seeks to create global leaders in business and society. The Post Graduate Programme (PGP) has five key learning objectives, which are embedded in the curriculum and pedagogy. Interpersonal Awareness and Working in Teams, Critical and Integrative Thinking, Awareness of Global Issues Affecting Business, Effective Oral Communication and Ethical Responsibility. Eligibility Criteria Candidates should have: i) A bachelor’s degree in any discipline ii) At least 24 months of full time post-qualification work experience as of 31st March 2017 iii) A valid GMAT/GRE score iv) TOEFL/ IELTS/ PTE score, only if language of instruction during undergraduate education was not English Selection Procedure The admissions committee will evaluate all applications based on: Leadership Potential: Applicants are evaluated on the basis of the impact they have made in their past professional and personal life. Diversity: The School encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to become part of the Post Graduate Programme in Management. Diversity in all forms of life, like work experience, educational background, nationality, among others is given due consideration. Academic Credentials: The Post Graduate Programme in Management at ISB is designed for people capable of outperforming in a rigorous environment. Therefore, the application keenly evaluates your academic potential through your past academic performance and your performance on the GMAT exam Personal interviews will be conducted only in Bengaluru, Delhi, Hyderabad, Mohali and Mumbai. Those based out of an international location may opt for a Skype-Telephone interview How to Apply PGP Online Application Form available on Indian School of Business Website www.isb.edu. ISB one-year Post Graduation Program (PGP) application process You will be required to create an account first to get started with your application. The application fee to apply for the programme is INR 5000 (first time applicants) and Re-applicants INR 2500 (the above amounts are inclusive of the Govt. of India mandated service tax at the rate of 14%) If you have any queries, please write in to us at [email protected] For more details and information on application procedure, please visit their official website www.isb.edu Timelines for PGP 2017-18 and Early Entry Option 2016 application Last Date for applying online: Cycle 1: Saturday, October 15, 2016 Cycle 2: Sunday, January 15, 2017 Interview Timelines: Cycle 1: Tuesday, November 01, 2016 till Saturday, December 10, 2016. Cycle 2: Sunday, January 15, 2017 till Tuesday, February 28, 2017 Offer Acceptance Deadline: 10 days from the date of offer Indian School of Business (ISB) Hyderabad Indian School of Business (ISB) Gachibowli, Hyderabad-500032, Phone No.: +91-40-2318-7474, Email: [email protected] , Website www.isb.edu Post your comments here MBA Entrance Exams | MBA Admissions India | Top MBA Colleges India | MBA Insitutes in India Stay connected with us on What's New CAT 2016 Notification NMIMS NMAT 2017 IBSAT 2017 Notification Things to know about NMAT by GMAC IIFT invites application for MBA 2017 IGNOU OPENMAT 2017 MBA Entrance Exam MAT 2016 December Executive MBA Subscribe Free Alerts Delivered by www.SuccessCDs.net Exam Admissions Results News Top Entrance Exams after Class 12 Indian Army Entrance Exams 2017 Entrance Exams After Graduation Top 100 Engineering Colleges UGC NET Exam January 2017 Entrance Exams for Commerce Sudents UPSC Entrance Exam Dates 2017 Latest Entrance Exam Notifications PHD Admissions 2016 Top 25 Medical Colleges IGNOU Admissions 2016 Distance Education Admissions 2016 Education and Career Q and A Fashion Design Admissions 2016 Admissions Notification 2016 - All Streams AIPGMEE 2016 Results Declared COMEDK PGET 2016 results declared TISSNET 2016 Results Announced UPSC CDS 2015 (I) results declared AICTE GPAT 2016 results declared AICTE CMAT 2016 results declared CA CPT 2015 results declared National Aptitude Test (NAT) to replace JEE Main Union Ministry clears IMC’s proposal on common medical entrance test Check whether your foreign degree is valid in India or not? Maharashtra Govt working on single CET for medical, engineering Interview Tips for Freshers New Changes proposed in the AIIMS MBBS 2016 application process PU common entrance test dates 2016 announced Karnataka CET to go online from 2017 Latest Education News India Facebook Twitter Google + Tweets by @SuccessCDs Top Entrance Exams JEE Main JEE Advanced CLAT AIPMT AIPGMEE GATE IBPS CWE Entrance Exam Dates Test Preparation CDs Latest Notifications COMEDK CAT Exam Education India Top Colleges Education News Scholarships Distance Learning Education Loan Universities In India Latest GK & Current Affairs Education Videos Education Discussion Forum Career CBSE CCE Latest Job Openings Popular Pages NET Exam CSIR UGC NET NDA UGC NET PGI Chandigarh AFCAT Madras University Distance Education PHD Admission 2016 IGNOU Symbiosis Distance Learning UPSC Exam Dates CUCET NEST 2016 Top Engg. Colleges Pondicherry University B.Ed Entrance Exam Nursing Entrance Test CBSE CCE Contact Us About Privacy Policy Disclaimer Sitemap Copyright © 2004-2016 All Rights Reserved "
39,NA
  Indian School of Business | Facebook Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgotten account? See more of Indian School of Business by logging in to Facebook Message this Page, learn about upcoming events and more. If you don't have a Facebook account, you can create one to see more of this Page. Sign Up Log In See more of Indian School of Business by logging in to Facebook Message this Page, learn about upcoming events and more. If you don't have a Facebook account, you can create one to see more of this Page. Sign Up Log In Not Now Indian School of Business 1 hr · Know how Sonali Srungaram, a former techie and an ISB Alum went on to change the lives of 33 lakh cancer patients. Join the Women in Business webinar on Oct 20 at 7 pm. Register here goo.gl/PtTVSV Indian School of Business 7 hrs · # ISBInsight The article explores the impact of climate change on the main agricultural product of the Kullu valley in Himachal Pradesh – apples – and the response to this impact by households and institutions in the region. From Apple Juice to Garlic Pickle: Climate Change Adaptation in the Himalayas - ISBInsight Democratic governance at multiple scales and articulation between institutions across scales are critical components of successful adaptation by communities to climate change. It is through self-organised adaptation by means of ongoing, multi-directional, and organic processes of engagement that bro... isbinsight.isb.edu Indian School of Business Yesterday at 02:33 · # ISBFaculty Teachers are critical for our children’s future and efforts need to be made, to make them feel supported and perform to the best of their abilities, says Professor Tarun Jain. Read his views in the context of the Subramanian Committee report for the evolution of a new education policy 2016. Bringing the sheen back to teaching Home Opinions Bringing the sheen back to teaching By Avantika Dhingra and Tarun Jain newindianexpress.com Indian School of Business added a new photo to the album ILS 2016 . 17 October at 00:19 · Indian School of Business added 18 new photos to the album ILS 2016 — with Janaki Naidu and Gopal Meena . 15 October at 10:55 · ISB Leadership Summit - when the best minds in business share their wisdom on dealing with ambiguity. # ILS2016 # ExpectTheUnexpected +15 Indian School of Business 13 October at 20:30 · # ISBInsight Professors of ISB impress upon the innovations in supply chain and interventions by policy makers that can help mitigate most of the risks that prevent farmers from growing alternative crops rather than paddy/ wheat. Crop Diversification to Reduce Exposure to Climatic Changes: Associated Risks and Mitigation Strategies - ISBInsight Lack of well-developed supply chain systems for alternative crops expose farmers to considerable risk, making it difficult for them to move away from the paddy/wheat crop rotation cycle. Public policy interventions and supply chain innovations such as targeted insurance products, pooling practices,… isbinsight.isb.edu Indian School of Business 12 October at 23:27 · ISB alumnus Annie Mathew has been honoured by the Honourable Chief Minister of Kerala, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan for her extraordinary work towards the start-up eco system in Kerala. Annie sits on the board of Startup Village, the country's first public-private partnership business incubator which has been recently named as India's best startup incubator by the India edition of Entrepreneur Magazine. # ISBpride Read more here http://english.manoramaonline.com/…/keralas-startup-village… Indian School of Business 12 October at 05:45 · ""Your capacity as a leader will be determined by how well you learn to deal with uncertainty.""- Andy Stanley. ISB students are gearing up to challenge uncertainty at # ILS2016 , the annual leadership conference. # ExpectTheUnexpected Know more here: http://ils.isb.edu/ #ExpectTheUnexpected at ILS 2016 Posted by Indian School of Business 1,786 Views 1.7k Views Indian School of Business 12 October at 02:30 · Indian School of Business in partnership with the British High Commission, is organising the Young Thinkers’ Conference, the flagship foreign and security policy conference of the British High Commission on October 13-14, 2016. It brings together the best and the brightest of young thinkers as well as experts to discuss a range of foreign and security policy issues. Register for the conference here : http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/young-thinkers-conference-tic… ... # YTC2016 See more Young Thinkers’ Conference Young Thinkers’ Conference is the British High Commission’s flagship Foreign and Security Policy conference. It brings together the best and the brightest of thinkers and experts to discuss a range of foreign and security policy issues. The conference is structured as four panel discussions, each co... eventbrite.co.uk Indian School of Business 7 October at 04:23 · FlexiLoans, a venture of ISB Alumni gets Rs.100 crore funding! Founded by Deepak Jain, Manish Lunia, Ritesh Jain, and Abhishek Kothari, the venture received this equity from Sanjay Nayar, Chief Executive at PE firm KKR, along with other veterans of the investment and banking industry -Vikram Sud, Anil Jaggia, Narayan Seshadri in their personal capacity. ISB community is proud of its alumni achievement # ISBPride .FlexiLoans helps solve the problems that SMEs face in accessing Quick, Flexible and Adequate funds for growing their Businesses. FlexiLoans raises Rs 100 Cr from Sanjay Nayar, Vikram Sud and others Sanjay Nayar, Vikram Sud, Anil Jaggia, Narayan Seshadri and others invest in FlexiLoans in their personal capacity tech.economictimes.indiatimes.com | By www.ETtech.com Indian School of Business 6 October at 20:30 · # ISBInsight Responses to climate change need greater scholarly and research attention. Ashwini Chhatre, Professor at ISB, presents a sample of new research insights on how such responses emerge in specific settings. Climate and Society: Beyond General Circulation Models - ISBInsight Responses to climate change need to be understood at different temporal and spatial scales of its contingent formation isbinsight.isb.edu Indian School of Business 6 October at 08:30 · The bad bank should be set up as a private equity fund where the government holds less than 50% equity stake, feels # ISBFaculty Professor Krishnamurthy Subramanian in his analysis about the government’s initiative of setting up a bad bank. Read his article in the TOI today to know about the bad bank, its objective, constraints and his recommendations to make it effective. https://goo.gl/TnDzrJ Indian School of Business 6 October at 05:30 · Young Thinkers’ Conference, the British High Commission’s flagship Foreign and Security Policy conference, brings best and brightest thinkers, and experts to discuss a range of foreign and security policy issues. First time ever outside Delhi, October 13-14, 2016, ISB Mohali campus. Click for details and registration # YTC2016 Young Thinkers’ Conference Young Thinkers’ Conference is the British High Commission’s flagship Foreign and Security Policy conference. It brings together the best and the brightest of thinkers and experts to discuss a range of foreign and security policy issues. The conference is structured as four panel discussions, each co... eventbrite.co.uk Indian School of Business 6 October at 00:30 · What steps do we take today, to leave behind a clean & green world for our future generations? What are the major environmental issues at present as well how does climate change affect supply chain management? These were some of the key topics that were conversed in a panel discussion on Supply Chain Management & Climate Change at our Mohali campus. https://goo.gl/2L0LKd Indian School of Business 5 October at 21:58 · With only 10 days to the Cycle- 1 deadline, It's important to make your application represent the best of you. Join the webinar with Team Admissions to get first-hand tips and clarify your doubts related to the application portal. Register for the session here goo.gl/Mg4s1O . To complete your application log on to the portal here: pgpapp.isb.edu Indian School of Business 4 October at 22:32 · # ISBAlumni “The Odd Couple”, debut movie of our alumnus Harleen Kaur has been selected for the 19th United Nations international documentary film festival. The film is a moving tale of two triathletes who support each other to succeed in life and never give up on their dreams. The movie has also made it to various other film festivals in the USA and Australia. The ISB community is proud of your achievement, Harleen and wishes you more such successes. # ISBpride https://goo.gl/v62iky Indian School of Business added 5 new photos to the album Programme for Senior Diplomats . 4 October at 04:56 · ISB’s Centre for Executive Education hosted Mr. Kalvakuntla Taraka Rama Rao - KTR , Minister for IT, MAUD & NRI Affairs, Govt of Telangana at a session in the specially designed programme for a group of Ambassadors and High Commissioners from across 20 countries, under the aegis of the Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India +2 Indian School of Business 2 October at 20:30 · # ISBInsight India has ratified the Paris pact, the 62nd nation to do so. Read ISBInsight on how climatic factors affect the economically relevant outcomes – agricultural output, economic growth, health etc. Impact of Climatic Conditions on GDP - ISBInsight A one degree Celsius increase in daily mean temperatures would on an average decrease agricultural output by 11% in India. The overall GDP, as a result, would reduce by 28%, making the 8% per annum GDP growth rate a pipedream. isbinsight.isb.edu Indian School of Business added 6 new photos to the album Exam Time — with Raghav Jalan and 6 others . 29 September at 23:16 · The silence at ISB’s campuses is deafening…….. because its exam time. :-) # LifeAtISB Good Luck PGP Co2017. +3 Indian School of Business 28 September at 00:47 · # ISBPride . We congratulate Dilip Kumar Khandelwal, our PGPMAX alumnus, and MD- SAP Labs India for making it to the list of India’s top 'Forty under 40’ successful business leaders by Economic Times. These 40 winners were culled from an impressive initial list of 1,000 business leaders from Corporate India. Sharing his success mantra, Dilip defines success as the ability to do what he loves every day and flexibility to take on new challenges. https://goo.gl/DgCCtX ( Photo courtesy SAP Labs India FB page) See more People 119,431 likes 56,168 visits About ISB Road, Gachibowli 500032 Hyderabad 040 2300 7000 http://www.isb.edu/ Photos Videos 79 2 111 12 Notes Terms & Conditions for #OneLastTime Contest 7 April #ReliveISB Contest - Terms & Conditions 11 September 2015 Class of 2011 selects Professor Piyush Kumar as Professor of the year for Elective Courses 25 March 2011 Reviews 4.6 4.6 of 5 stars 542 reviews Debasish Bhanj 5 star One of the best B-School in India today. Top faculty members, Effective industry interface, Smart campus makes it differ ... ent from other B-School. Lucky enough to been to the ISB campus few a times for different reasons. It's everybody' s dream today to be in ISB! See more 8 August 2016 · Fo Od Mood 5 star 9646040007 (Food Mood) plz like on fb or u can search on google & order as we provide best egg rolls , burgers , pizza ... , pasta , grilled sandwichs , subs , mango shakes , chciken nuggets , chicken fries , chicken lollyop , chciken tikka rolls and many more mouth watering items at very low prices just try once . Shop no 298 Phase 5 mohali ..Top Quality in low price come and see the diff best in whole mohali See more 8 June 2016 · Tell people what you think People Also Like ISB Admissions Education IIM Calcutta College and university T.I.M.E. (Triumphant Institute of Management Education) Education Colleges & Universities in Hyderabad, India Liked by This Page ISB Admissions ISB Executive Education Young Indians Places Hyderabad, India Community & Government Education College and university Indian School of Business English (UK) · ?????? · ???? · ????? · Español Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2016 "
 ISB HYDERABAD PGP | MBA Rankings, Deadlines, Average GMAT score and more Home GMAT COURSES pricing MBA ABOUT US Contact Blog +91 809 707 5272 +91 22 6551 5272 Home GMAT COURSES pricing MBA ABOUT US Contact BLOG ISB HYDERABAD PGP Key facts about the MBA program OVERVIEW Duration (months) 12 FT Rank 2016 29 Next Intake Apr 2017 APPLICATION DEADLINES round 1 October 15, 2016 Round 2 January 15, 2017 Round 3 BATCH COMPOSITION Class Strength 908 Female % 31% International % 1.6% GMAT & WORK-EX Average GMAT score 704 GMAT mid 80% Range 590-770 (full) Average Age 27 Avg. Work-ex (yrs) 5 TUITION COST & TOTAL BUDGET Cost of Tuition INR 21,50,000 Required Budget INR 31,58,000 Quicklinks Latest FT/US News/Business Week Rankings Upcoming MBA Application Deadlines Sorted List of ranked b-schools GMAT Prep Preparing for GMAT? UPCOMING GMAT BATCHES Weekend Batch Weekend Batch Only Math Batch Only Verbal Batch 12 Nov 13 Nov 12 Nov 13 Nov Personal Attention We give every student unqualified personal attention Higher GMAT Score Our course is designed to get you a 710+ score on GMAT Faculty Advantage Our faculty is Murtuza Gadiwala, acclaimed author and 99th percentile GMAT instructor AIM & ACHIEVE WITH SHARP MINDS GMAT PREP FABIAN KATRAK GMAT SCORE: 760 Admitted to Yale Business School PERVEZ ASLI GMAT SCORE: 750 Admitted to Harvard Business School ABHIJIT A. GMAT SCORE: 750 Admitted to INSEAD PRATYUSH RASTOGI GMAT SCORE: 740 Admitted to Chicago Booth ARJUN DEVGAN GMAT SCORE: 740 SHREYA MATHAI GMAT SCORE: 740 Admitted to Harvard Business School DEEPA KELKAR GMAT SCORE: 740 Admitted to ISB, Hyderabad NIKHIL BHAMIDIPATI GMAT SCORE: 740 Admitted to ISB, Hyderabad NIKHIL KRISH GMAT SCORE: 730 Admitted to Columbia HUSAIN INDOREWALA GMAT SCORE: 730 SAMBA PATNAIK GMAT SCORE: 720 Admitted to Chicago Booth INDUJHA NATARAJAN GMAT SCORE: 720 Admitted to Purdue VINAY MHETRE GMAT SCORE: 720 Admitted to ESMT, Berlin ZAREER VANDREVALA GMAT SCORE: 720 Admitted to Babson Olin CHINTU GANDHI GMAT SCORE: 720 Admitted to Imperial College, London PRITISH PILLAI GMAT SCORE: 720 Admitted to IIM-A, PGPX ASHISH AGRAWAL GMAT SCORE: 720 Admitted to Stanford SAMTA LALAN GMAT SCORE: 710 Admitted to London Business School NEHA KABRA GMAT SCORE: 710 Admitted to IMD, Switzerland SIDHARTH NEGANDHI GMAT SCORE: 710 Admitted to ISB, Hyderabad RANJAN BARNWAL GMAT SCORE: 710 Admitted to Queen's, Canada SANTOSH SUBRAMANIAN GMAT SCORE: 710 Admitted to S. P. Jain ANAND NAIK GMAT SCORE: 710 Admitted to IIM-A PGPX GMAT CLASSES IN MUMBAI GMAT aspirants from Mumbai can benefit from expert GMAT coaching offered by us. Course faculty is Murtuza Gadiwala, acclaimed 99th percentile GMAT instructor and author. START YOUr PREP! MBA ESSAY WRITING SERVICES We offer professional Essay Writing and Editing Services for MBA Applications to top b-schools globally.. All essays are customized as per your profile, so that you get to tell a unique personalized story that gives you the winning edge over hundreds of other applicants. GET THE EDGE! FREE TOOLS THAT WILL HELP YOU IN YOUR MBA QUEST Latest B-school Rankings The latest US News, FT and Business Week MBA Rankings for global b-schools. Top 50 B-schools Data Get essential b-school data such as: Average GMAT score, Work-ex, and Salaries MBA Admission Deadlines Looking for a date? Here's a complete summary of Upcoming Deadlines Complete GMAT FAQ From GMAT Prep to GMAT scores. We've answered all your queries about GMAT. Complete MBA FAQ Application Process, Essays, MBA Cost & Duration. It's all there in our MBA FAQ FREE GMAT Videos View video based solutions to some challenging questions from the Official GMAT Guides (OG) 2015/2016/2017. coming soon. COURSES GMAT Classes in Mumbai GMAT Private Tutorials GMAT Prep Course Pricing GMAT FAQ FREE TOOLS & RESOURCES Rankings Deadlines B-school info MBA FAQ MEDIA BloomBerg UTV NDTV 24/7 Sahara Samay Education World CONTACT US Landline: 022-6551 5272 Mobile: +91 809 707 5272: PAYMENT PARTNERS © 2016 Sharp Minds GMAT Prep. GMAT is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admissions Council (GMAC). "
  Rise in Pay Package is evident with PGP in Management at ISB - IIMnet Search Sign Up Sign In Home About Us Members Testimonials Ask-Discuss-Share CXO Stories Submit Your Story Events IIMnetWORK Season 2 Alumni Groups IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta IIM Lucknow IIM Indore IIM Kozhikode Blogs Write a Blog Guest Blog Guidelines Featured Blog Posts All Blogs Projects Submit Projects Methodology Job Openings Post Jobs India's Largest Network of Pre-Screened Management Professionals All Blog Posts My Blog Add Rise in Pay Package is evident with PGP in Management at ISB Posted by Sundar Rawat on June 9, 2016 at 1:13am View Blog Reaching milestones every year is no more surprise at ISB; be it overwhelming response with 28% increase in application or exceptional placement records, ISB has redefined the management studies at highest level. Apart from young graduates, the PGP courses very much in demand with experienced professional around the country. One-year PGP at ISB has ensured that professionals reap maximum benefits and step ahead with better career opportunities with steep rise in salary. According to Deputy Dean, Programmes at ISB, Mr. Dishan Kamdar - ISB has constantly attracted proficient experts from various part of the country and across the globe to get a chance and enrol for the flagship programme at ISB. As a part of international diversity ISB is also planning to attract students from ASEAN and Africa; they believe the talent in these countries are hidden and still not tapped. Chance of growth is very much evident as, quite a few students enrolled for flagship programme at ISB have prior international experience or at least have worked with well-established multinational brands. This lethal combination of prior work exposure, learning latest market trends, and understanding of emerging market dynamics helps them to grab better pay package and get into international roles. Companies around the world are keen to hire experts who are well versed with industry trends and has the ability to handle situations with utmost efficiency. Therefore, ISB students very well fit in with their requirement. The latest batch of April 2016, received a record offer of 1149, which itself is a trend setter for any One-year PGP courses in India. Such, strong placement record at ISB has prompted applicants all around the world to enrol for PGP course at ISB. In order to have more talented people at ISB, management has now decided to include GRE scores as one of the admission criteria. One of the interesting facts which reflects the impact of PGP course at ISB is how students witnessed a steep rise of 128% in their salary package on an average, compared to their last drawn salary. Some of the students have gone a step ahead and given their dream a real vision by starting their own ventures. The current placement trend shows the success of PGP in Management at ISB transforming careers of numerous students around the world. V: 59 Tags: Share Tweet Facebook < Previous Post Comment You need to be a member of IIMnet to add comments! Join IIMnet RSS Welcome to IIMnet Sign Up or Sign In Or sign in with: POPULAR SEARCH TAGS Events Add an Event Blogs Posts Where does culture come on your list? Posted by nitin khanna on September 12, 2016 at 8:35am Worldwide List of Venture Firms Posted by Moderator on October 5, 2016 at 10:51pm Should your Start-up be a Side-Project? Posted by nitin khanna on July 24, 2016 at 3:57pm — 1 Comment Rise in Pay Package is evident with PGP in Management at ISB Posted by Sundar Rawat on June 9, 2016 at 1:13am Top 100 list of Angels, VCs, Incubators, Accelerators in India Posted by Rakesh Kumar on May 18, 2016 at 6:00am Executive MBA – the Beneficial B- School Interlude for Professionals Posted by Anna Sharma on February 18, 2016 at 3:30pm It's 2016. You Need To Revisit Old SEO Tactics Posted by Girish Gupta on January 20, 2016 at 7:30pm It's a long weekend again, and this is where you should be headed! Posted by Vasudha Veeranna on January 9, 2016 at 4:30pm IIMnetWORK Advantage India Conclave – Kolkata Posted by Vasudha Veeranna on December 24, 2015 at 5:30pm IIMnetWork Conference, Hyderabad – World of Opportunities Posted by Vasudha Veeranna on November 24, 2015 at 6:09pm Add a blog Post View All © 2016 Created by Moderator . Powered by Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service Hello, you need to enable JavaScript to use IIMnet. Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator. "
  School Expert Q&A: Indian School of Business The GMAT® Exam Register Find Test Dates About the Exam Format and Timing Prepare for the Exam GMAT Exam Scores Register as a Test Taker with Disabilities The Official GMAT Blog Get Official GMAT Study Materials Go to Store Take a Tour of the GMAT Test Center Read More Find & Compare Schools Find and compare schools Use this tool: Find a school by name, location, program type, cost, and more Compare schools Track which schools you are interested in Popular Searches: MBA Programs Doctoral Programs Other Masters Find a School Plan For Business School Decide to go Choose a School Options for Engineering Candidates Apply to School Enroll in a Program Find Events Help Schools Find You Ask the School Expert Let Schools Find You Sign Up for GMASS Find School Events Find Events Buy Study Materials Prepare for the GMAT Exam Cover the Cost of the GMAT with a Gift Voucher Prepare for the GMAT with our free GMATPrep software Learn More Expand Your Preparation with Exam Pack 2 Learn More Enter search text India Global Africa China India Korea United States Contact Us Login to My Account Take the GMAT Exam Plan For Business School Choose a Business School School Expert Q&A Indian School of Business (ISB) Back to Product List Indian School of Business (ISB) share Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google+ VK Sina Weibo Reddit Pinterest print email Email This Page * Required Fields Your Name: * Your Email: * Their Name: * Their Email: * Message: * Cancel Next Email This Page Verify the email contents. Click Next to send or Back to edit. From: To: Subject: Cancel Next Back Email This Page Thank you! This page has been successfully e-mailed. Close Rupesh Bisht is an associate director, with the Admissions and Financial Aid Department at the Indian School of Business (ISB). An alumnus of the ISB class of 2009, he handles International Marketing and the Young Leaders Programme (YLP) at ISB. He answers your questions below. About the School Name of the School: Indian School of Business Name of the Program: Post Graduate Programme in Management School Location: Hyderabad (Telangana) & Mohali (Punjab) Year School Started: 2001 Global Ranking: Consistently ranked by Financial Times in “Global MBA Rankings Admission Criteria GMAT Score : Yes; no cut off for GMAT. Work Experience Requirement : Preferably two years of full time work experience post graduation (deferred admission is offered to those with less than two years work experience under the early entry option). English Proficiency Requirement : TOEFL /IELTS /PTE score is required only if language of instruction during undergraduate education was not English. Letters of Recommendations : Two LOR’s are required from current or previous work place. Interview/Group Discussion : Personal interview only, there is no group discussion. Others : A bachelor’s degree in any discipline. Application Process How does one apply for the programme ? Applicant has to submit the online application which comprises of essays, recommendation letters, and mark sheets. What is the range of GMAT scores for accepted students? In the past we have accepted profiles with scores ranging from 600 to 780, the average GMAT score for the current class is 710. Is there a requirement of 16 years of study prior to applying? No. What constitutes work experience? Any full-time work experience after graduation is considered toward eligibility criteria. Is there a minimum cut off for TOEFL/IELTS/PTE test scores? We do not have any cut off score, however we recommend a score of 100 for TOEFL and for IELTS 7 on a scale of nine. Who should letters of recommendation come from? LOR’s from the workplace may be given by anyone who can comment on your professional work (e.g. supervisor/senior colleague, or client). When should I expect an invitation for an interview? In case an applicant is shortlisted, he/she will be invited by email a week to 10 days in advance of the scheduled interview. Non-Indian passport holders can expect an early decision within six weeks of submitting a completed application. Who should I contact if I have a question regarding my application status? Please call Team Admissions at 04023187403/74 or email at: intladmissions@isb.edu . Fees & Other Expenses What is the estimated cost for the entire program for a foreign student? Approximately USD40,000. What is the cost of living for the duration of the programme? The fee includes the cost of living. PGP is a residential programme. Are there other costs to be taken into consideration? If yes what? Books and meal plan would be approximately USD2,750. Are there any job opportunities on campus that can be pursued while the programme is on, to lower the overall cost impact? None, PGP is a rigorous course and the students need to focus on various activities simultaneously. Each year ISB awards approx 100+ scholarships ranging from USD6000-USD30,000 depending on the merit of the application. For details please visit: www.isb.edu/pgp/fees-financing/Scholarships . Financial Support Options What are the scholarship options available for the students? The scholarship amount ranges from USD6,000 and USD30,000 depending on the merit of the application. This would cover approximately 15-80 percent of the total programme cost. There are various other geographic-specific scholarships as well. Visit: www.isb.edu/pgp/fees-financing/Scholarships for more information. What are the criteria for determining scholarship applications? Scholarships are both need- and merit-based. Recipients are selected on the basis of exceptional academic and professional performance, as well as personal qualities such as leadership and community service. Corporate scholarships are also offered and you may apply after you have commenced the programme. What are the options of availing a loan? Indian students can avail loans up to 90 percent of the programme cost through various leading banks. For a complete list visit: www.isb.edu/pgp/fees-financing/loans . There are no loan programs available for international applicants except Nepalese applicants. What is the amount of loan that a student is eligible for and what are the documents required? Empanelled banks provide loans to cover 80-100 percent of the fees payable. These loans are collateral-free and do not attract any processing charges. The offer letter from ISB is all a student needs to apply for the loans. At what rate of interest is the loan available? What is the date from which loan repayment begins? What is the maximum period in which a loan is to be repaid? Interest rates and repayment tenure vary from bank to bank. For complete details visit: www.isb.edu/pgp/fees-financing/loans . Does the Institute/school help in getting loan? All admitted students are eligible for loans. Once they accept the offer, they are provided with further details on how, when and whom to apply for loans. Curriculum/Faculty/Student Exchange/Hostel Accommodation Facilities How many intakes in a year and when? Only one intake in April every year. Size of the intake? 770 What is the percentage of foreign students in an average class/intake? In any given year the average intake of students having international exposure is 20 percent of the batch. What are the specializations available? Operations, Marketing, Strategy & Leadership, Entrepreneurship, Finance, IT, Healthcare & Manufacturing. What % of the batch finds jobs within 3 months of graduation? 100 percent. What is the mean starting salary of a class after graduation? INR 1741081 for Co2013. What are the key sectors represented in recruiters for this programme? Consulting, General Management & Strategy, Sales & Marketing, IT, Product Management, Pharmaceutical & Healthcare, etc. Please find more info at: www.isb.edu/pgp/careers/placement-highlights . Related Articles Bennett University Bennett University answers questions about their program. Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIM-C) IIM-C answers questions about their program. Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA) Dr. Dheeraj Sharma, faculty in Marketing and Organizational Behavior and Admissions Coordinator for PGPX programme at IIMA, answers questions about the program. EDHEC Nilesh Gaikwad talks about next steps for EDHEC. Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA) Dr. Dheeraj Sharma, faculty in Marketing and Organizational Behavior and Admissions Coordinator for PGPX programme at IIMA, answers questions about the program. IIM Bangalore Explore information about IIM Bangalore as you decide on a program for you. Mumbai International School of Business Bocconi Alessandro Giuliani, managing director of MISB Bocconi, helps answer questions about getting into Post Graduate Program in Business. NYU Stern School of Business Isser Gallogly is the Assistant Dean of MBA Admissions at NYU Stern. Now entering his twelfth year with Stern, he is responsible for Full-time and Part-time MBA Admissions. Institute of Management Technology-Ghaziabad Ishita Kundu helps answer questions about getting an MBA at Institute of Management Technology (IMT) Ghaziabad. Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow Anita Goyal is working as associate professor (Marketing) at Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Lucknow, India. Presently she is also the admission chair at IIML Noida Campus. Great Lakes Institute of Management Dr. T.N. Swaminathan of Great Lakes Institute of Management helps answer questions about getting a PGDM at the school. The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College Sudershan Tirumala (Suds), MBA from the Tuck School of Business, helps answer questions about getting an MBA at The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. Stanford Graduate School of Business (GSB) Sabah Khan, assistant director of MBA Admissions at Stanford Graduate School of Business, helps answer questions about MBA at Stanford Graduate School of Business. IE Business School and Singapore Management University Joel McConell from IE Business Schools helps answer questions about the newly introduced IE-SMU MBA University of Otago MBA Susan Steer, MBA admissions and student development manager at Otago MBA, answers questions that students may have about programme. University of Western Australia Business School Dr. Michele Roberts, is the director of MBA Programs at the University of Western Australia Business School. She answers your questions about admissions. EDHEC Business School Nilesh Gaikwad, India Admissions Representative at EDHEC Business School, answers your questions about the program and admissions criteria. Institute for Financial Management and Research (IFMR) Dr. Lakshmi Kumar, program director at IFMR, answers your questions about the program and admissions criteria. National Institute of Securities Education (NISM) Prof. Sunder Ram Korivi, dean of NISM answers your questions about the program and admissions criteria. SP Jain Institute of Management and Research Atish Chattopadhyay from SPJIMR, Mumbai answers questions regarding admissions criteria. SelaQui Institute of Management (SIM) Anshul Pathak answers questions regarding admissions criteria for the SelaQui Institute of Management. Schulich School of Business Imran Kanga answers questions regarding admissions criteria for the Schulich School of Business. Malaysia Institute for Supply Chain Innovation Dr. Asad Ata answers questions regarding admissions and criteria for Malaysia Institute for Supply Chain Innovation (MISI). MYRA School of Business Ranga Rao, Executive Director of the MYRA School of Business, answers questions regarding the admission process and criteria. Tippie School of Business Jodi Schafer, director of MBA Admissions at Tippie School of Business, answers questions regarding the admission process. Cranfield University School of Management Interested in earning your MBA in the UK? Learn more about Cranfield University School of Management from the program’s executive director. KAIST College of Business The Korea Advanced Institue of Science and Technology answers your questions about admissions, the application process, and the various programs it has to offer. Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmdedabad (MICA) If you’re interested in pursuing a communications career, learn more about MICA’s graduate program from the school’s Chair of Admissions. Singapore Management University The director of the MBA program at Singapore Management University answers questions regarding the admission criteria, process, and various programs offered. Stern School of Business Isser Gallogy, assistant dean of MBA Admissions at NYU Stern School of Business, answers questions regarding the admission process and application. IE Business School Earn your MBA at IE Business School surrounded by the urban energy of Madrid. Read on to learn more about the program. Rollins College Crummer Graduate School of Business Get personalized attention and develop a strong network when you earn your MBA at Rollins College. Learn more from the program’s assistant dean. Foundation for Liberal & Management Education (FLAME) Learn more about FLAME’s schools of business and communication, which strive to balance classroom instruction with an intensive, hands-on approach. Columbia Business School The Columbia MBA Program goes beyond other business schools to instill in students a complete entrepreneurial mindset. Learn more from the assistant dean of admissions. Indian School of Business and Finance Though ISBF is a young school, they are committed to delivering a world-class education. Learn more from one of the school’s co-founders. KJ Somaiya Institute of Management Studies and Research KJ Somaiya is dedicated to education, research and service in order to produce professionals who are open to new challenges. Learn more from their director. Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIMC) As the first national institute for post-graduate studies in India, IIMC has earned a global reputation based on their high quality management education. Foster School of Business Director for the Global Executive MBA Program at Washington University's Foster School of Business answers questions regarding admissions, applications, and programs. Tepper School of Business The executive director of the Masters Admissions at Tepper School of Business answers questions regarding admission criteria and the applcation process. Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore Prof. G. Shainesh, the Chairperson of EPGP at Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore answers questions about admissions and the application process. Universal Business School The international dean answers questions about Universal Business School regarding the admission process. ISME The director of admissions answers questions about ISME regarding the admission process, selection procedure, and the curriculum. Recommendation Give Your Career a Boost with an MBA More than a decade of research confirms that business school graduates are highly employable and enjoy valuable opportunities for career advancement. Learn More loading... ©2002-2016, Graduate Management Admission Council® (GMAC®). All rights are reserved. The GMAT® Exam Find & Compare Schools Plan For Business School Buy Study Materials Practice for the GMAT - Learn how to prepare yourself to take the GMAT exam More Test Centers in India - Find GMAT accepting schools near you More GMAT Exam Scoring - Understand what your score on the GMAT exam means More Connect with Schools - Hear from admissions experts around the world More GMAT Blog Hub - Hear from current students, alumni, and experts More Choose a School - Find the best program for you More Apply to Schools - Advice for your best application More Test Centers in India - Find GMAT accepting schools near you More Connect with Schools - Hear from admissions experts around the world More GMAT Blog Hub - Hear from students, alumni, and experts More Choose a School - Find a program type that's right for you More Choose a School - Get advice on finding the best program for you More Apply to School - Get advice for assembling your best application More Enroll in a Program - Learn about what you need to do once you've been accepted More GMAT Blog Hub - Hear from students, alumni, and experts More Reflect by GMAC - Sharpen your leadership skills More Terms of Use Contact Us Privacy Statement ©/® About Us Site Map Sign up for exclusive offers and GMAT study information! Enter your email Sign up OK "
 ? ISB launches PGPpro - a weekend post-graduate programme in management for working professionals and entrepreneurs - The Economic Times Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times Allow Not now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. Indiatimes The Times of India The Economic Times More More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Education Home Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech Jobs Opinion Blogs NRI Magazines Slideshows ET NOW ET Speed ET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance Banking Finance Cons. Products Durables Electronics Fashion / Cosmetics / Jewellery FMCG Food Garments / Textiles Liquor Paints Tobacco Energy Power Oil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs Construction Engineering Cement Chem / Fertilisers Metals & Mining Packaging Paper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ Marbles Petrochem Steel Healthcare/Biotech Biotech Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Services More Media/Entertainment Entertainment Media Telecom Transportation Railways Airlines / Aviation Shipping / Transport Advertising Consultancy / Audit Education Hotels / Restaurants Property / C'struction Retail Travel You are here: ET Home › Industry › Services › Education 04:05 PM | 19 Oct market stats SENSEX 27,984 -66.51 NIFTY 50 8,659 -18.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,913 127.00 USD/INR 66.67 -0.06 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 67 points lower; Nifty50 slips below 8,660 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW ? ISB launches PGPpro - a weekend post-graduate programme in management for working professionals and entrepreneurs By Sreeradha Basu , ET Bureau | Updated: Aug 09, 2016, 08.10 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Mumbai | ISB | Indian School of Business | Careers | Business This is the first time ISB is venturing off campus to offer the executive MBA equivalent programme in Delhi and Hyderabad on alternate weekends over a period of 16 months. MUMBAI: The Indian School of Business (ISB) has launched PGPpro - a weekend post-graduate programme in management for working professionals and entrepreneurs. This is the first time ISB is venturing off campus to offer the executive MBA equivalent programme in Delhi and Hyderabad on alternate weekends over a period of 16 months. PGPpro is aligned to the requirements of mid-career professionals looking to consolidate their careers . It prepares participants to enhance their understanding of management techniques along with exposure to current best practices that will allow them to leverage potential opportunities and tackle challenges effectively. Professor Dishan Kamdar, Deputy Dean, Academic Programmes said in a statement, ""The off campus delivery model will allow us to offer a world-class programme to several bright young professionals who are not able to pursue a full-time management programme at ISB campuses."" PGPpro is designed for mid-career professionals with a minimum of 5 years and a maximum of 12 years of work experience only. The curriculum will focus on providing a major in Strategy & Leadership and a minor in either Finance or Marketing. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISS any stories, follow us on Twitter Follow READ MORE ON » Mumbai | ISB | Indian School of Business | Careers | Business Follow this section for latest news on Education Email RSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with: Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment: Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with: Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment: Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Shiv Kumar Bhasin: Meet the man who is behind SBI's technological innovations Bank informs RBI of security breach: Axis suffers cyber attack, hires EY to probe damage Ashok Leyland unveils India’s first indigenous electric bus Unilever admits to new competition in Patanjali LG, Videocon and Godrej say big online discounts violate norms; Flipkart, Amazon refute charge More » Get a Quote Browse Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sites Times of India | ??????? ?????? ???????? ?????? | Mumbai Mirror Times Now | Indiatimes ?????? ?????? | ?????????? ?????? ???? ??????? | Lifehacker Gizmodo | Eisamay | IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood Zoom | Luxpresso Online Songs | Travel Guides | Hotel Reviews | Cricbuzz.com | Prepaid Mobile Recharge Networking itimes | MensXP.com Hot on the Web Festival Guide 2016 | Gold Rate ?Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones | US Elections 2016 Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK | RBI Rate Cut RBI Monetary Policy Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Free Business Listings Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India Used Cars | Online Deals | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai Remit to India | Buy Mobiles | Listen Songs | Voice Greetings | Technology News | Augmented Reality | Mobile Recharge | Compare Mobile Phones | Manage Notifications About us / Advertise with us / Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal / Privacy Policy / Feedback / Sitemap / Code of Ethics / / Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved Articles Sign in Sign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action Name Reason for reporting: Foul language Slanderous Inciting hatred against a certain community Others Your Reason has been Reported to the admin."
  Indian School of Business (ISB) Announces Admissions to PGP MFAB Programme 2017-19 Skip to content Skip to main navigation Skip to first column Skip to second column Contact Us IIFT Invites application for MBA Entrance Exam 2017 | University of Calcutta (CU), Kolkata Announces Admissions to MBA Programme 2017-19 | IIM Lucknow Announces Admissions to IPMX Programme 2017-18 | IIM Calcutta Announces Admissions to PGPEX Programme 2017-18 | IIM Indore Announces Admissions to EPGP Programme 2017-18 | IIM Ahmedabad (IIMA) Announces Admissions to PGPX Programme 2017-18 | IIM Bangalore (IIMB) Announces Admissions to EPGP Programme 2017-18 | Symbiosis Institute of Business Management Announces Admissions to MBA Programme 2017-19 | NMIMS NMAT 2017 ( MBA Entrance Test ) Notification and Dates | IGNOU OPENMAT XL MBA Entrance Exam 2017 Notification and Date | NICMAR Entrance Test for Post Graduate Courses in Construction Management Admission 2017 Indian School of Business (ISB) Announces Admissions to PGP MFAB Programme 2017-19 Monday, 22 August 2016 07:44 PGDM Admissions 2017 About Indian School of Business (ISB) THE INDIAN SCHOOL OF BUSINESS (ISB) evolved from the need for a world-class business school in Asia. The founders, some of the best minds from the corporate and academic worlds, anticipated the leadership needs of the emerging Asian economies. They recognized that the rapidly changing business landscape would require young leaders who not only have an understanding of the developing economies but who also present a global perspective. The ISB is committed to creating such leaders through its innovative programmes, outstanding faculty and thought leadership. Funded entirely by private corporations, foundations and individuals from around the world who believe in its vision, the ISB is a not-for-profit organization. About PGP MFAB Programme ISB’S POST GRADUATE PROGRAMME IN MANAGEMENT FOR FAMILY BUSINESS (PGP MFAB) is a 15 month comprehensive general management programme for the next generation of family business owners. The programme offers a unique combination of the latest management concepts similar to top global MBA programmes and is contextualized to the needs of family businesses. While each family business is unique, these best practices can be applied across family businesses. Eligibility Bachelors’ Degree or an equivalent qualification (like CA, etc.) Applicants should have completed the Bachelor’s Degree as the time of submitting the application. No work experience is required for admission. However, the ISB strongly feels that an experience of 4-5 years will add a lot of value Selection Criteria Participants will be evaluated on a combination of factors: Family business knowledge Business leadership potential Achievements Work experience Undergraduate degree performance Performance in BAT Scale, size, complexity of business and length of existence of business How to Apply Admission to the programme is a highly selective and competitive process. Therefore it is extremely important to submit a quality application. To apply for MFAB programme, you need to complete an online application form. The form can be completed over several sessions. You can save and review the information before final submission of the completed application. The below listed documents are to be scanned & uploaded with the application. Colour photograph Copy of Passport Grade 12 marksheet/transcript Grade 12 Certificate Bachelor’s degree marksheets/transcripts (all semesters/years) Bachelor’s Degree Certificate Marksheets/transcripts and certificates for additional education (if applicable) Business Card Contact Details Indian School of Business, Gachibowli, Hyderabad Telangana - 500 032 Ph +91 40 2300 7000 Fax +91 40 2300 7099 Phone: +91 40 2318 7700 Email: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it Website: http://www.isb.edu/ Featured Institute MBA Entrance Examination MBA Admission 2017 BBA Admissions 2016 PGDM Admission 2017 M.Tech Admissions B.Tech Admissions MCA Admissions BCA Admissions B.Com Admissions MSW Admissions BSW Admissions Master of Journalism Admissions Bachelor of C J Admissions Bachelor of H M C T Admissions Bachelor of Fine Arts Admissions LLB Admissions Ph.D Admissions Educational News Current Affairs Previous Year Question Papers Social Icons Advertisement Featured Links: School of Management Sciences, Varanasi AICTE Approved PGDM-100% Placement Oriented. A+++ Rated Premier Business School-Estd. 1998 Delhi school of Professional Studies and Research DSPSR -Leading Business School in Delhi School of Management Sciences, Lucknow PGDM,B.Tech. Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India Ads by MBA Globe! LATEST ARTICLES Symbiosis Institute of Health Sciences Announces Admissions to MBA – HHM Programme 2017-19 October 10, 2016 Management Development Institute (MDI), Murshidabad Announces Admissions to PGPM Programme 2017-19 October 10, 2016 Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University, Gandhinagar Announces Admissions to MBA Programme 2017-19 October 10, 2016 Twitter Facebook Tweets by @mbaglobe MBAGlobe.com Copyright 2016 MBAGlobe. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Srijan Digital Arts Registration Form × First Name Last Name Gender Male Female City Mobile No. Email Id. Desired Course Select MBA PGDM MCA MSW LLB Master of Journalism M.Tech Master of Communication and Journalism Master of Tourism Administration Bachelor of Education B.Tech BBA BCA B.Com Bachelor of Law MBBS Bachelor of Fashion Designing Bachelor of Communication Journalism Bachelor of Fine Arts Bachelor of Hotel Management and Catering Technology Bachelor of Social Work Ph.D "
  Top Ranking B Schools in India IIMs, XLRI, FMS, ISB 4 MBA, Ph.D : 4GMAT Home GMAT Classes GMAT eBooks Math Books Practice Test Forums B Schools About Us GMAT Math eBooks Easy to download Math eBooks on select high scoring topics. Number Theory, Inequalities, Permutation, Probability, Geometry. From $6.99 each. GMAT Math Books & Workbooks Lesson Books for GMAT Math. Set of 6 books + 3 Paper Based Tests. Formulae, examples, exercises, shortcuts, tests. Rs.1650 within India. US $89 outside India. GMAT Classes @ Chennai, Bangalore & Mumbai Intensive classes for GMAT in Madras and Bombay and Bangalore , India. 13 weekends, 78 hours. Classes on GMAT Math, Verbal, IR and AWA. Includes study material and Tests. Doubts, discussions in GMAT Math Share your GMAT Test experience 4GMAT's Achievers' List Testimonials Mentors @ 4GMAT Free GMAT Math Workshop Free GMAT Questions Answers Free GMAT Math Test GMAT Blogs - IIM's PGPX Courses GMAT FAQs Top US B Schools R1/R2 deadlines Top Europe & Asian B Schools deadlines Featured B School Ways numbers 1 to 15 be added to get 15 Counting number of 1s and 0s Student Testimonials ""Any non IT/Engineering background Indian (or other National) struggling with Quant, I recommend checking the 4GMAT material on their site."" Amber Huria Chennai : 95000 48484 Mumbai : 80970 48484 Bangalore : 91419 48484 eMail : info@4gmat.com You are here: Home » Top B Schools » India Top Indian B Schools and Management Institutes List of top Indian Business schools such as the Indian Institutes of Management (The IIMs) at Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Calcutta, XLRI. The list also includes the recent phenomenon in Indian Management Education - the B schools with international affiliation such as the Indian School of Business at Hyderabad. These management institutes are considered the ivy leagues of the Indian sub continent. 1. Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM A) Considered to be the best of the best business schools in India, IIM Ahmedabad. offers four programmes in Management. The PGP - Post Graduate Program (equivalent to MBA), the FPM - Fellowship Program in Management(equivalent to Ph.D), the FDP - Faculty Development Program for Management teachers and Trainers and the MDP - Management Development Program - a refresher for middle and top level managers. 2. Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta (IIM C) The oldest of the IIMs, established in Kolkatta, IIM Calcutta is amongst the top three B schools in India. The institute offers three full time programs. The PGDM - Post Graduate Program in Management (equivalent to MBA), the FPM - Fellowship Program in Management, the PGDCM - Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Aided Management. The institute also offer part time PGDBM - Post Graduate Diploma in Business Management for managers with relevant work experience. In addition, MDP - Management Development Programs are held in regular intervals for middle and top level managers. 3. Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIM B) IIM Bangalore offers two year full time PGP - Post Graduate Program in Management (equivalent to MBA) and a FPM - Fellowship Program in Management. Both these programs require the candidate to take CAT. The institute also offers part time non residential PGSM - Post Graduate Program in Software Enterprise Management. There is a separate entrance test for this program. This business school is ranked amongst the top three business schools in the country. 4. Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (IIM L) IIM Lucknow offers a two year full time residential PGP - Post Graduate Program in Management and a four year FPM program. Both these programs require a candidate to take CAT. The institute also has an interesting student exchange program where students of this B-School go to premier B-Schools the world over and do part of their education. Students and faculty from these internationally reputed B-Schools in turn visit IIM Lucknow. It is ranked amongst the top five B-Schools in India. 5. XLRI - Xavier Labour Research Institute, Jamshedpur Xavier Labour Research Institute, popularly known as XLRI was established in 1949 at Jamshedpur. The institute offers two courses at the post graduation level in management - a post graduate diploma in Business administration and a post graduate diploma in Personnel Management and Industrial Relations (PMIR). Online version of the brochure is also available. In 2001, the average salary (including foreign offers) soared by 70% (over last year) to a whopping Rs.8.06 lakhs per annum. The offers in the Business Management program averaged at an awe-inspiring Rs.9.71 lakhs and in the Personnel Management program at Rs. 6.5 lakhs. And these exclude ESOPs and other means of compensation. 6. ISB - Indian School of Business, Hyderabad Indian School of Business, Hyderabad is emerging as a preferred choice for MBA aspirants who want to pack in the program into a one year course. As it gradually builds up its permanent faculty base, the ISB has created a unique and sustainable visiting faculty model with some of the world's leading academicians from Wharton, Kellogg, Harvard, Stanford, Chicago, Duke and Texas among others. The school offers a one year Post Graduate Program in Management. 7. FMS - Faculty of Management Studies, University of Delhi FMS is amongst the top 10 B-Schools in the country and probably one of the two attached to a university amongst the top ten. The full time program of FMS started in 1967. The whole outgoing batch of 2002 was placed within a span of 2 days. There were 8 foreign offers including British American Tobacco (BAT), OLAM and QAI among others. 8. Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IIM I) The Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IIMI) is the latest addition to the IIM community. IIMI has a two-year post graduate programme emphasizing on Experiential learning, IT orientation, and Social Sensitivity. The construction of the new campus is progressing at a rapid pace and IIMI plans to operate out of the new campus from June 2003. IIM-I offers the following programs viz., (a) The Post Graduate Programme (PGP), a two year programme (b) Management Development Programme. These are held throughout the year. (c) Faculty Development Programme (FDP) is designed to assist in the development of teachers, researchers, and trainers for management education and (d) Executive Post-Graduate Programme (Exe-PGP) a 18-months programme, designed for working executives. 9. Indian Institute of Management, Calicut (IIM K - Kozhikode) Established in 1996, The Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode, IIMK is the fifth Indian Institute of Management. Its academic programmes encompass a range of long term full time diploma programmes such as the Post Graduate Programme in Management, and a number of short duration executive education programmes. The institute also offers an ""Interactive Distance Learning Programme"" 10. Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai (JBIMS) The Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies, (JBIMS) was established by the University of Bombay in 1965 in collaboration with the Graduate School of Business, Stanford University with the objective of pioneering and furthering post - graduate management education in India. JBIMS has been ranked in Asia's Top 25 business schools by Asia Inc. 11. S. P. Jain Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai (SPJIMR) The Institute's PGDM programme amongst the best in the country offers the following specialisation in the second year (fourth and fifth trimester). Finance Management, Marketing Management, Information Management and Manufacturing & Operations Management. Core subjects normally focus on the basic aspects relating to a particular area of specialisation. In addition, each participant can take courses from another specialization as a 'Minor Specialization'. 12. Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management, IIT Mumbai (Bombay) The school commenced its operations in 1995 and has been awarding a full time two year masters degree, a doctoral program in management and Executive Education programs in management. One unique feature of the program is that apart from the regular courses on Finance, Accounting, Operations and HR, SJM SOM prepares for technology management with core courses like Technology Policy, R&D Management and Managing technology transfer. To secure an admission, you need to take JMET, the Joint Management Entrance Test. 13. Management Development Institute, Gurgaon (MDI) Amongst the top management institutes in India, MDI offers a two year Post Graduate Program in Management. The curriculum is spread over six terms of about three months each. The core curriculum is spread over four terms with the bulk of it covered in the first three terms. MDI has student exchange arrangements with Aarus School of Business, Denmark, CBPA, USA; Copenhagen Business School, Denmark; EDHEC, France; ESCP-EAP and Sciences Po, France; Leipzig Graduate School of Management, Germany; McGill University, Canada; Norwegian School of Management, Norway; Queensland University of Technology, Bangkok; Solvay Business School, Belgium; Universita Carlo Cattaneo (LIUC), Itlay and Warsaw School of Economics, Poland. 14. Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai (NMIMS) NMIMS offers a two-year full-time programme, spread over six trimesters and leading to the degree in Master of Business Administration. Number of seats: 240. Students are admitted to the programme if they meet the required standards of the two stage selection process - Stage I: A written admission test; Stage II: Candidates who qualify at stage 1 will be required to appear for the second stage of selection process like the Group Discussion and Personal Interview. 15. Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar (XIM B) XIM Bhuvaneswar, offers the following courses: Post Graduate Programme in Management, Executive Post Graduate Programme in Management, Post Graduate Programme in Rural Management and Fellow Programme Management. The PGP in Management is the flagship programme of the Institute. The courses impart a generalist perspective, in addition to training the students in technical and functional business skills such as accounting, finance, marketing and production. 16. Symbiosis Institute of Business Management, Pune (SIBM) SIBM, Pune offers a Master's Degree in Business Administration - MBA Dual Specialization. Specializations include Marketing, Finance, Human Resource, Manufacturing, and Materials & Logistics Management. A total of 120 students shall be selected for this course. 17. Symbiosis Center for Management & Human Resources Development, Pune (SCMHRD) 18. Institute of Management & Technology, Ghaziabad (IMT) 19. International Management Institute, Delhi (IMI) 20. Bharathidasan Institute of Management, Trichy (BIM) 21. Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad (MICA) 22. Indian Institute of Foreign Trade, Delhi (IIFT) 23. T. A. Pai Management Institute, Manipal (TAPMI) 24. Loyola Institute of Business Administration, Chennai (LIBA) 25. Institute of Rural Management, Anand (IRMA) 26. Institute of Management Development Research, Pune (IMDR) Back to Top Copyright 2004-13 4GMAT.COM Test Catalyst (India) Private Limited All rights reserved GMAT™ and GMAC™ are registered trademarks of the Graduate Management Admission Council™. The Graduate Management Admission Council™ does not endorse, nor is it affiliated in any way with the owner or any content of this web site. "
 ISB gets record number of placements, 11 students receive offers from AP govt - Firstpost firstpost tech2 faking news Firstpost F . business Front Page Politics Fact or fiction, abuse of disability benefits by defence personnel must be thoroughly probed BJP leader Varun Gandhi says his farmer housing initiative has nothing to do with politics SP leader Azam Khan says he too can become PM, make tea, dress properly and play drums Akhilesh Yadav to take out UP poll campaign, may skip Samajwadi Party's silver jubilee celebrations Mumbai civic polls: MNS in woe after Sanjay Manjarekar slams party, many cadres say bye Irom Sharmila dons a new hat with political front: All you need to know about the iron lady Sports Kabaddi World Cup 2016: Here's who India could play in the semi-finals India vs England: James Anderson to miss first Test with shoulder injury BCCI vs Lodha panel: MCA writes to board on difficulty of implementing reforms Bangladesh vs England: Hosts banking on humid conditions in first Test Champions League: Manchester City’s Pep Guardiola returns to Barcelona; Arsenal, Bayern in action India vs England: Narendra Modi invited for Rajkot's first Test by Saurashtra Cricket Association India Uniform Civil Code debate focuses on Muslim law but ignores other communities: Flavia Agnes Fact or fiction, abuse of disability benefits by defence personnel must be thoroughly probed Cauvery dispute: Karnataka says it will comply with SC order to release 2,000 cu water to TN BJP leader Varun Gandhi says his farmer housing initiative has nothing to do with politics SP leader Azam Khan says he too can become PM, make tea, dress properly and play drums Ban terrorists, not artistes: Taslima Nasreen on boycott of Pakistanis artistes World Russia accuses US-led coalition airstrike of killing six civilians in Aleppo Ban terrorists, not artistes: Taslima Nasreen on boycott of Pakistanis artistes At least 70 Nobel prize winners endorse Hillary Clinton for president US Navy inaugurates new stealth warship and guided-missile destroyer USS Zumwalt Mosul: Iraqi general calls on Islamic State militants to surrender Blue-eyed Pakistani 'chaiwala' lands modelling deal after photo goes viral Business Coca Cola drops Salman Khan as brand ambassador for Thums Up No bidder turns up for Mallya's Goa Kingfisher Villa Memo to Chinese media: Times are a changin; India's bite can be worse than its 'bark' Rosneft-Essar deal not in violation of sanctions on Russia: US MakeMyTrip, Ibibo merger by December: Here's how it will impact the customers Govt seeks putting Cairn arbitration on hold in a Rs 29,047 crore retrospective tax demand Life UN chief Ban Ki-Moon becomes godfather to newborn giant tortoise in Galapagos Nasa's New Horizons mission finds hint of cloud on Pluto Karva Chauth: Why it's time for Indian women to leave this archaic and patriarchal custom behind About time we celebrate the women in our lives Entertainment Coca Cola drops Salman Khan as brand ambassador for Thums Up Om Puri rings in birthday with martyred jawan's family; seeks forgiveness for insensitive remark Ae Dil Hai Mushkil: Forgoing India-Pakistan culture exchange is worse than nukes Inferno box office report: Irrfan Khan-starrer makes Rs 9 cr on opening weekend Bigg Boss 10 to see its first fight on day three; prison time for weakest contender Ae Dil Hai Mushkil: Deconstructing Karan Johar's attempt at martyrdom Auto Photos Videos Tech2 Faking News Sponsored You are here: Latest News › Business News ISB gets record number of placements, 11 students receive offers from AP govt FP Staff Updated: Mar 4, 2016 12:27 IST #Boston Consulting Group #ISB #Mckinsey #placement at ISB #Post Graduate Programme in Managment In a significant first, the Government of Andhra Pradesh has made offers to 11 Indian School of Business (ISB) students who will become Chief Minister’s Fellows. They will support the emerging state on strategic initiatives and implementation of policies that will contribute to its ambitious vision to emerge a front running state in the country and as a major investment destination. The Fellows, who are expected to have an understanding of the increasing complexity of development processes and effective decision-making for positive transformation, are being recruited for the creative and innovative perspective that one can expect from youth, according to an ISB press release. Some of the issues the CM Fellows will be required to address include raising the quality of education, improving child nutrition, reducing maternal mortality and strengthening progress in rural areas through mitigation of poverty and creating livelihood opportunities, explains the job description put out by the State government’s recruiters. There will be an induction to the Government of Andhra Pradesh's operations, ground-level study and the challenge to contribute to Andhra Pradesh's development transformation. The ongoing placements process at the Indian School of Business (ISB), with campuses at Hyderabad and Mohali, has seen a significant increase in demand from recruiters for talent from its flagship Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP). Large corporates and startups alike competed to hire talent from the two campuses resulting in an all-time high number of offers at 1093. Top consulting firms like McKinsey, Boston Consulting Group, EY, Deloitte and KPMG continue to be big recruiters at the School accounting for 19 per cent of the total offers. Technology and technology services firms like Microsoft, Apple, Philips, HCL, Tech Mahindra and Directi made offers to 11 per cent of the class. E-commerce companies such as Amazon and Flipkart also consolidated their presence and have made a total of 109 offers so far while constituting 10 percent of the total offers to date. A highlight of this year’s placements season at ISB is the success of the shift from a purely structured system of the previous years, to a flexible hybrid model that also included exclusive days for recruiters who had elaborate hiring processes. Logo This year the quality of hiring has also improved compared to previous years. A total of 92 offers for senior leadership roles and global leadership programmes were made. These include several CXO level positions. Several of these included offers made to women students as well. Axis Bank alone, which runs its ‘Women Leadership Programme’ at ISB, has made 30 offers, up from the 18 last year. Around 20 international companies have made 73 offers so far. Interestingly, startups competed hard with established recruiters picking up seven per cent of the class across sectors like technology, telecom, E-Commerce, transportation and education with senior management roles on offer. BFSI, Healthcare & Pharma sectors remained steady and made equal contributions of about eight per cent each of the total offers as on date. With a class size of 812 students, the Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) at ISB offers one of the largest pool of top-notch experienced talent in Asia. In line with the ‘One School , two campus’ philosophy, ISB follows an integrated campus-neutral placements process allowing students and recruiters an equal opportunity to interact with each other irrespective of their location. The lateral hiring process is spread over several months, giving both recruiters and students time to find their best fit. During this period, the School also supports and encourages students in their independent search efforts to find their preferred careers. The PGP is a full-time, one-year programme in Management designed for young working professionals to enable them transition into roles of greater responsibility, or pursue an entrepreneurial dream. Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Show Comments Top Stories MakeMyTrip, Ibibo merger by December: Here's how it will impact the customers Are we Entering an App-Less Android Era With Google Assistant, Instant Apps? - News18 OIC meet: India accused of using Indus Waters Treaty, Kashmir against Pakistan Diwali 2016: OnePlus 3, Honor 8, Oppo F1 Plus and more smartphones under Rs 30,000 to check out These two numbers can help you pick a better mutual fund scheme - Moneycontrol Dear Zindagi Take 1: Alia Bhatt, SRK seen in pursuit of happiness; Ali Zafar missing from teaser 1 ISB gets record number of placements, 11 students receive offers from AP govt Memo to Chinese media: Times are a changin; India's bite can be worse than its 'bark' Rosneft-Essar deal not in violation of sanctions on Russia: US MakeMyTrip, Ibibo merger by December: Here's how it will impact the customers Govt seeks putting Cairn arbitration on hold in a Rs 29,047 crore retrospective tax demand site index About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Verticals Front Page India Politics World Business Life Bollywood Sports Tech Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Budget 2014 Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Think India ISL 2016 Worksheet for Kids US Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Windows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy "
  ISB admission notification for PGP in Management for Family Business for academic year 2017-18 | SkillOutlook.com ISB admission notification for PGP in Management for Family Business for academic year 2017-18 | SkillOutlook.com Toggle navigation About Our Team Video Channel Toggle navigation Home Job Trend Career Corner Learning Executive Education HR Zone Govt Jobs Life Contact Us ALERTS Nearly half of employers in India face difficulties in hiring: Talent Shortage Survey, ManpowerGroup IIM Bangalore’s EPGP annual business conclave on 23 October 2016 Six out of ten employees in India are dissatisfied with their jobs: TimesJobs Job Satisfaction 2016 survey Manipal Education Group introduces programmes in Data Science Exclusive: India is the third largest Artificial Intelligence (AI) startup ecosystem and Bangalore leads: Zinnov ISB admission notification for PGP in Management for Family Business for academic year 2017-18 Executive Education 4 months ago Hyderabad: Indian School of Business (ISB) invites applications for its Post Graduate Programme in Management for Family Business for academic year 2017-18. PGPMFAB is a 15-month general management programme designed for next generation of family business leaders who are currently trying to scale the existing business or start a new business. The course content is designed to the needs of family business. It helps participants understand their business better, prepares them to face the phases of transition and to grow it in an environment of stiff competition. Application for academic year 2017-18 is available from July 10, 2016. Results for both rounds will be announced together tentatively on 15 March 2017. AD The application for academic year 2017-18 is be available from July 10, 2016. Results for both rounds will be announced together tentatively on 15 March 2017. Eligibility for ISB’s PGPMFAB: Bachelors’ Degree or an equivalent qualification (like CA, etc.). Applicants should have completed the Bachelors Degree as the time of submitting the application. No work experience is required for admission. However, an experience of 4-5 years will add a lot of value. Business Admissions Test (BAT): It is mandatory that all applicants must appear for BAT. Performance in BAT is a critical criteria in the admission process. Applicants can take the BAT online proctored test from any location. Online proctored exam can be taken at home, at work, or at any other location that meets our hardware, software, security and environment requirements. The exam is administered by a remote proctor who will supervise candidates via webcam/microphone while you take your test. Selection Criteria: All applications will be evaluated on the following factors: Family business knowledge, Business leadership potential, Achievements, Work experience, Undergraduate degree performance, Performance in BAT, Scale, size, complexity of business and length of existence of business. Programme Fee: The tuition fee for the programme for academic year 2017-18 is Rs 35,00,000 (35 Lakhs) plus taxes. It includes accommodation, food, books and course material. Travel costs are not included. The fee structure is revised from June 1, 2016. For more details on the admission announcement interested candidates can visit ISB’s portal: http://www.isb.edu/ tags Education Higher Education Related Posts Tough norms proposed by the Ministry of HRD for getting world class education institutes tag USA based University of Southern California successfully concludes India Education Tour Nearly half of employers in India face difficulties in hiring: Talent Shortage Survey, ManpowerGroup IIM Bangalore’s EPGP annual business conclave on 23 October 2016 Six out of ten employees in India are dissatisfied with their jobs: TimesJobs Job Satisfaction 2016 survey Previous Article TimesAscent presents Job Fair Kolkata on 1 -2 July 2016 (Friday & Saturday) Next Article IIM Bangalore PGP student wins Citi Woman Leader Award 2016 Got Something To Say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment: Your Good Name * Your Email Please * Skill India more Ola unveils plans to skill 50-lakh driver entrepreneurs in next five years 1 day ago Sports Authority of India to collaborate with some identified universities across the... 2 days ago Former Chairman ISRO Prof U R Rao inducted into the 2016 International Astronautical... 3 days ago Sunday Special: New norms by UGC for awarding MPhil/PhD degrees aim at streamlining... 3 days ago Executive Education more Tough norms proposed by the Ministry of HRD for getting world class education institutes... 3 hours ago USA based University of Southern California successfully concludes India Education Tour 4 hours ago IIM Bangalore’s EPGP annual business conclave on 23 October 2016 9 hours ago Manipal Education Group introduces programmes in Data Science 20 hours ago Events more IIT Madras in association with SERB presents 2nd SERB School on Robotics from 14 to 19... 1 week ago Start-up Oxygen is Understanding the pain-points of the customer: L & D Global... 2 weeks ago Neeyamo is a sponsor at the CIPP’s 32nd Annual Conference and Exhibition 2 weeks ago Four R&D Institutes receive CSIR Technology Awards 2016 at CSIR Platinum Jubilee... 3 weeks ago Digital Box more ICICI Bank has become India’s first bank to introduce blockchain technology on a pilot... 2 days ago PwC India and Microsoft India form strategic alliance to drive India’s digital... 4 days ago India is a global leader in digital transformation: Dell Technologies Research 6 days ago GoDaddy introduces community based App Flare in India dedicated for inspiring... 1 week ago Newsletter Subscribe! Daily Weekly Startup News more Exclusive: India is the third largest Artificial Intelligence (AI) startup ecosystem and... 24 hours ago Vertoz appoints Sanjay Dubey, who will lead sales and brand promotion 1 day ago 20 programme winners showcase their technologies at the DST-Lockheed Martin India... 5 days ago GoDaddy introduces community based App Flare in India dedicated for inspiring... 1 week ago Global News more Tough norms proposed by the Ministry of HRD for getting world class education institutes... 3 hours ago USA based University of Southern California successfully concludes India Education Tour 4 hours ago Manipal Education Group introduces programmes in Data Science 20 hours ago Exclusive: India is the third largest Artificial Intelligence (AI) startup ecosystem and... 24 hours ago Tour & Travel more Matheran, Hampi, Rishikesh, Mussorie among top eight travel destinations for long week... 2 months ago Business travel market in India poised to take giant leap, becoming 6th largest in the... 3 months ago National Tourism Awards for 2014-15 will be presented on 30 July 2016 3 months ago India is the 10th largest business travel market in the world, more growth on the store 5 months ago BWI Press Release Crowdynews Recent Posts Tough norms proposed by the Ministry of HRD for getting world class education institutes... 3 hours ago USA based University of Southern California successfully concludes India Education Tour 4 hours ago Nearly half of employers in India face difficulties in hiring: Talent Shortage Survey,... 6 hours ago Tags Admission Awards Banking Jobs Best Jobs Best Paying Salary Jobs Best Salary Best Salary Package Best Salary Paying job Best Salary Paying Jobs Career Career Development Career Women Digital Digital India Education Employee Engagement Employment Event Flexi working Govt Jobs Higher Education Hiring HR Job Fair Jobs Jobs @ Social Media Learning Learning & Training News Recruitment salary Skill Skill Development Skill India Skills StartUp Startup India StartUpIndia Talent Management Talent Managment Training Travels Work Culture Workforce Workplace Social Networks Video Channel Copyright © 2016 SKILLOUTLOOK.COM . All rights reserved Powered By The Unique Media Solution About Our Team Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy "
  isb pgp | ankur Warikoo ankur Warikoo …life…photography…rants…experiences… Search Wednesday October 19, 2016 Home about ISB photography entrepreneurship contact Follow Ankur Warikoo on Quora Full Posts | Comments By Email Categories Anecdotes (22) Consulting (40) Entrepreneurship (226) Funny (25) general (105) Groupon (16) Internet (30) ISB (116) Movie Reviews (7) Music (4) My destinations (16) SecondShaadi (11) StudyNation (5) News (25) Opinions (47) Photography (48) My World My Eyes (5) Political (9) Travel (7) Uncategorized (75) Videos (21) WTF (25) Archives October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 April 2012 March 2012 December 2011 October 2011 September 2011 July 2011 May 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 December 2008 October 2008 September 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Top Posts How To Prepare For The ISB Admission Interview Top 10 things to do in Bali From 21kms to 6packs in 5 months Noisemakers are important Safe is Risky! Difference between ISB Mohali and ISB Hyderabad! From Crutches To 21kms in 12 Months Tags 3D air india Anecdotes apple iphone auctions awesome bali BMW business ebay facebook failblog general gmail google google music google wave hindu india inspiration Internet iphone ISB isb admissions isb interviews kearney life MJ Music nobel prize obama patriotism Photography politics random ruchi seth godin stephens study times talent tendulkar Travel tuck ukraine video seo terms How to prepare for ISB isb interview ankur warikoo ISB PGP interview questions how to prepare for isb interview pagalguy isb interview ISB rejected after interview preparing for isb interviews how to prepare for ISB interviews rejected by isb isb pgp review ISB Reject ISB PGP isb ankur warikoo ankur warikoo isb Ankur ISB warikoo isb rejected in isb interview isb rejects isb pgp pagalguy seo forum Posts Tagged ‘ isb pgp ’ How To Prepare For The ISB Admission Interview 1, Feb 2010 Came back from ISB this weekend, after interviewing Round 2 candidates for the batch of 2011. Its funny (or is tragic the word) that inspite of the sheer amount of open source information available out there…courtesy Pagalguy (and the likes), more than 50% students dont come prepared, in the real sense! One of my favorite […] In: ISB | Opinions Tags: business , isb admissions , isb interviews , isb mba , isb pgp , isb placements , mba interview questions , mba interviews Read More (45) Comments top Copyright ®2008 - ankur Warikoo - Log in Powered by WordPress | Evidens [White] Theme by Design Disease for PremiumThemes.com "
  Indian School of Business | TopMBA.com You are here Home > Business Schools > Indian School of Business Skip to main content Top MBA Learn about MBAs and meet the best business schools in the world. Join Log in how you How are you today? Email* * Password Forgot your password? If you are not registered yet, click here to join. Toggle navigation Why MBA Why Study an MBA? Student Stories Alumni Stories CEO Interviews Faculty Voices Publications E-Papers Why MBA overview Programs Full-time MBA Executive MBA Distance Online MBA Specializations MBA Program Articles Programs Overview Directory Where to Study US & Canada Europe Asia Australia & New Zealand Latin America Middle East Africa Where to Study Overview Rankings Global Full Time MBA Rankings by Region Global 200 Business Schools Report MBA Rankings in 10 Specializations Distance Online MBA Rankings Rankings Overview MBA Events QS World MBA Tour QS TopMBA Connect 1-2-1 QS Executive Connect QS Women in Leadership MBA Events Overview Admissions MBA Admissions GMAT/GRE Financing your MBA Scholarships Scholarship Winners Videos Blog Forum Admissions Overview MBA Jobs MBA Careers MBA Employers Career Trends Internships MBA Jobs Overview GMAT & GRE Prep Join Now / Log in Search how you How are you today? Email * Your Email is safe with us. We will never send you unwanted emails. For safety reasons please use at least six characters and one numeral. If you are not registered yet, click here to join. Overview Full time MBA Indian School of Business The Indian School of Business aims to groom business leaders who can respond effectively to challenging opportunities in a business world that is changing faster than ever before. The Indian School of Business (ISB) was established in 2001 with an aspiration to put India on the global map of management education. In less than a decade since its inception, the ISB has successfully pioneered several new trends in management education in India, and firmly established itself as a world class management institution. In 2008, the ISB became the youngest institution to be ranked among the Top 20, in the Global B-school Rankings by the Financial Times, London, and since then has been ranked consistently among the top B-schools globally. The ISB today has a strong pool of research-oriented resident faculty and invites high calibre international faculty from reputed B-schools to teach in its Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP), Post Graduate Programme in Management for Senior Executives (PGPMAX), and Executive Education Programmes. In addition to teaching, the visiting faculty also participates in collaborative research with the resident faculty. The school has over 3500 PGP Alumni and 12000 Executive Education Alumni, making an impact on business and society across the world. The ISB is in the process of setting up its second campus in Mohali, Punjab, which will also have specialist Institutes for promoting research and education in areas critical to India’s development. The Mohali campus is now operational and welcomed its pioneer batch in April 2012. Now in its eleventh year, the ISB’s flagship Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP)has expanded to be delivered in two locations. The intake for the current class is for a single programme, across the two campuses. With the addition of the Mohali facility, the class size has increased from 560 to 770. Following ISB’s unique portfolio faculty model, top visiting and resident faculty impart cutting-edge management insights and practices at both locations. The two campuses operate as a unified entity, with the same commitment to world-class programme design and delivery, and by effecting a seamless integration through inter-campus exchanges and virtual connectivity. The Mohali campus also houses four institutes focusing on the areas of Public Policy, Healthcare, Manufacturing and Infrastructure Management. Admissions are now open for the Class of 2014. The growth story of ISB continues. The ISB offers a one-year, full time, residential post-graduate management programme for candidates, preferably with at least two years’ full time work experience. The ISB assesses candidates on their leadership potential and academic accomplishments, aims to have diversity in the student body with international experience. The programme starts in April 2012. To apply, students must take the GMAT and complete the application form on line. Programs Full Time MBA Full Time see program details Featured Institutions Similar Schools S. P. Jain Institute of Management and Research Indian Institute of Management (IIM) - Ahmedabad Indian Institute of Management Bangalore Faculty of Management Studies University of Delhi Nanyang Business School Singapore Locations Campus ISB Campus Hyderabad 500032 India Campus Knowledge City Mohali 140 306 India Meet this school at upcoming events Thursday, 20th Oct 2016 16:30 - 21:00 Register now Madrid Saturday, 29th Oct 2016 13:30 - 17:30 Register now Frankfurt Sunday, 27th Nov 2016 12:30 - 17:00 Register now Mumbai See all events now Why MBA Student Stories Alumni Stories CEO Interviews Faculty Voices Publications E-Papers Programs Full-time MBA Executive MBA Distance Online MBA Specializations MBA Program Articles Where to Study US & Canada Europe Asia Australia & New Zealand Latin America Middle East Africa Europe Rankings Global Full-Time MBA Rankings by Region Global 200 Business Schools Report MBA Rankings in 10 Specializations Distance Online MBA Rankings MBA Events QS World MBA Tour QS TopMBA Connect 1-2-1 QS World Executive MBA Tour QS Women In Leadership Admissions MBA Admissions GMAT/GRE Financing your MBA Scholarships Scholarship Winners Videos Blog Forum MBA Jobs MBA Careers MBA Employers Career Trends Internships GMAT & GRE Prep About Contact Privacy Users Cookies Media Partners © QS Quacquarelli Symonds Limited 1994 - 2015. All rights reserved. X how you How are you today? Email* * Password Forgot your password? If you are not registered yet, click here to join. Why Study an MBA? Student Stories Alumni Stories CEO Interviews Faculty Voices Publications E-Papers Why MBA overview QS Return on Investment – North American Full-Time MBA 2015 Measuring MBA ROI across 85 schools in North America Read Now Why Study an MBA? Student Stories Alumni Stories CEO Interviews Faculty Voices Publications E-Papers Why MBA overview QS Return on Investment – North American Full-Time MBA 2015 Measuring MBA ROI across 85 schools in North America Read Now Full-time MBA Executive MBA Distance Online MBA Specializations MBA Program Articles Programs Overview QS TopMBA.com Rankings by Specialization Find the best business schools in your sector US & Canada Europe Asia Australia & New Zealand Latin America Middle East Africa Where to Study Overview Top Business Schools around the world Business Schools in North America Business Schools in Europe Business Schools in Asia Business Schools in South America US & Canada Europe Asia Australia & New Zealand Latin America Middle East Africa Where to Study Overview Top Business Schools around the world Business Schools in North America Business Schools in Europe Business Schools in Asia Business Schools in South America Global Full Time MBA Rankings by Region Global 200 Business Schools Report MBA Rankings in 10 Specializations Distance Online MBA Rankings Rankings Overview Distance Online MBA Rankings 2016 The world’s top distance online MBA programs - out now! View now QS World MBA Tour QS TopMBA Connect 1-2-1 QS Executive Connect QS Women in Leadership MBA Events Overview MBA Events Meet the world’s top business schools Read now QS World MBA Tour QS TopMBA Connect 1-2-1 QS Executive Connect QS Women in Leadership MBA Events Overview MBA Events Meet the world’s top business schools Read now MBA Admissions GMAT/GRE Financing your MBA Scholarships Scholarship Winners Videos Blog Forum Admissions Overview Scholarships Apply for US$1.7 million of QS MBA Scholarships Read now MBA Careers MBA Employers Career Trends Internships MBA Jobs Overview The 2015/16 QS TopMBA.com Jobs & Salary Trends Report Find out which industries plan to hire the most MBAs, and how much they plan to pay Read now QS TopMBA Forum Join the conversation in our brand new forum Read now QS TopMBA Forum Join the conversation in our brand new forum Read now MBA Careers MBA Employers Career Trends Internships MBA Jobs Overview The 2015/16 QS TopMBA.com Jobs & Salary Trends Report Find out which industries plan to hire the most MBAs, and how much they plan to pay Read now MBA Careers MBA Employers Career Trends Internships MBA Jobs Overview The 2015/16 QS TopMBA.com Jobs & Salary Trends Report Find out which industries plan to hire the most MBAs, and how much they plan to pay Read now QS TopMBA Forum Join the conversation in our brand new forum Read now MBA Admissions GMAT/GRE Financing your MBA Scholarships Scholarship Winners Videos Blog Forum Admissions Overview Scholarships Apply for US$1.7 million of QS MBA Scholarships Read now "
  Internships Post a job LOGIN 'My life at ISB.' by Riddhi Kapoor | The Letsintern Blog | Student Resource - Learning Centre | Letsintern.com CLOSE Home Career Development Colleges & Placements Interviews Resumes & Interviews Understanding Careers Workplace Tips Opportunities Spotlight Corporate Competitions Daily Hot Picks Event Listings & Reviews International Internships Weekly Top 30 Features Success Stories Case Studies – Successful People Employer Speak Intern Diaries Intern Speak Sign Up Home Career Development 6 unconventional interview questions and how to answer them! 5 Habits bosses don’t want to see at work! 5 Productivity hacks to get you going at work! #dailyinspiration | 6 TED talks on how to make the most of each day! Nailing your first Google Interview | 10 preparation tips from someone who interviewed with Google twice. All Colleges & Placements Interviews Resumes & Interviews Understanding Careers Workplace Tips Opportunities Spotlight Top 30 Internships and Fresher Jobs in Bangalore! Top 30 Virtual internships & jobs of the week | Work from home and get paid! Top 30 Internships and Fresher Jobs in Delhi! Top 30 content writing internships and fresher jobs of the week! Top 30 Internships and Fresher Jobs in Bangalore! All Corporate Competitions Daily Hot Picks Event Listings & Reviews International Internships Weekly Top 30 Features Success Stories On day one of my internship, we were told: FAIL HARDER. Oh, and welcome to Facebook. | Mo Kudeki writes about her internship. “At Myntra, you can find a source of inspiration at every corner!” – Navneet Jha talks about his 5 month Myntra internship. 6 Things I love about interning at a startup. | by Kayla Ardebilchi, Intern @ Splore. How to land an internship at Google — from someone who did! #WomenInBusiness | 5 Women Entrepreneurs slaying the startup scene in India! All Case Studies – Successful People Employer Speak Intern Diaries Intern Speak Sign Up Comments comments Home Success Stories Intern Speak How a jack of all trades is learning to master them all... Success Stories Intern Speak How a jack of all trades is learning to master them all | “My Life at ISB.” by Riddhi Kapoor. Dec 17, 2013 6698 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter My Life at ISB Life at a Business School is a rather coveted subject this time of the year. Prospective applicants, and in the Indian context, even their parents/grandparents and distant relatives want to know what the fuss is all about. As I sit back with my seventh cup of coffee for the day, I’m hit with an epiphany “Almost 7 months of my student life are over!” While I reflect upon what has passed in this roller-coaster ride of a year, I hope to give you a sneak-peak or maybe more into the life a student at the Indian School of Business ( ISB ) I always thought that getting to the Post-Graduate Program at ISB was perhaps the toughest thing I ever had to do. Well, that was before I actually came to ISB. I now echo the sentiments of my entire class when I say “that getting through PGP at ISB is the most difficult thing I’ve ever had to do”. I firmly believe ISB wants to transform us into not just leaders, but superheroes. What else would explain these sleepless days of moving from one term to the next surviving only on adrenalin and the company of other potential superheroes? Indian School of Business isn’t for the weak-hearted, I had been warned. Here’s a break-down of ‘Why?’ – Keeping in line with a global school of thought, most of learning at ISB is case-based. This means that a student is expected to prepare sufficiently before class in order to be able to contribute to the class effectively. This is typically accompanied by individual and group assignments along with post-class follow-up readings. The class-room learning is accompanied by peer-to-peer sessions, speaker-sessions by industry experts (including alumni), professional & social club activities and live consulting projects (like virtual internships) with companies. I am, of course, one of those ‘enthusiastic cutlets’ who decided to engage in all of the above to live a day where I go meeting-hopping, and a night where I finish the work from those meetings. What makes me feel better though is that this is the life of every student at ISB. Adrenalin rush, I told you! I walked into the school thinking of myself to be a Jack of many trades. I was, after-all, one of the youngest students scoring high on that ‘diversity’ bucket we all obsess about. But as I met some of the smartest minds of the country who had patents, published papers and their own start-ups to their credit, I stood humbled. The beauty of this place is that it throws a new challenge at you every hour (some would say every minute) and then throws at you people who will challenge your solution till you embrace open-mindedness. Beyond the leadership opportunities ISB has provided me with, what I benefit from every-day is peer-learning. Imagine being around a bunch of intelligent, enthusiastic, opinionated and aware people 24×7. Being a Jack of all trades may only have gotten me to ISB, but to get through this year, I need to learn to master these trades too. Isn’t that what makes one a superhero anyway? Flash-back takes me to Orientation week when the alumni told us- “ This is going to be the best year of your life!” I have a feeling those are the exact same words I’m going to use to induct the Class of 2015. As I go to re-fill my cup of coffee and run to my 8:00 AM lecture on Acquisitions as a Corporate Strategy tool, I will leave you with an old saying- “What doesn’t kill you, only makes you an MBA”. Contributed by Riddhi Kapoor , a student of PGP Class of 2014 at Indian School of Business . The article first appeared in the Hindustan Business Line newspaper. Riddhi graduated from Jesus & Mary College, Delhi University and was active in extra-curricular activities. She then worked for a year at The Economic Times in brand marketing, and then was Assistant Manager- subscriptions marketing at Conde Nast India where she handled Vogue, GQ, CN Traveller & Architectural Digest Magazines. Riddhi’s message for Letsintern users: “Internships are the best way to understand whether an industry or function is meant for you. Its the right time to experiment and you may never get this opportunity again. Chase your passions” Start Young with Letsintern Comments comments TAGS B School Business School ISB life at ISB Riddhi Kapoor SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous article Community Kitchens: If someone paid for your meal, would you pay for someone's? Next article Winter is coming | Hottest internships of the month : December 2013. Admin NO COMMENTS Comments are closed. LETSINTERN.COM STAY CONNECTED 196,137 Fans Like 0 Followers Follow 4,906 Followers Follow EDITOR PICKS “At Myntra, you can find a source of inspiration at every corner!” – Navneet... Oct 10, 2016 A Conversation with Rene Verma, Awardee Rhodes Scholarship 2016 for University of Oxford. Aug 23, 2016 Top 10 internships at Amazon, Mobikwik, Leo Burnett, HCL, Little Black Book and more.... Aug 4, 2016 Taking a Break Matters: How working longer hours actually makes you less productive |... Aug 3, 2016 Request for the Letsintern Newsletter Get free email delivery of The Letsintern newsletters for career opportunities, interview hacks & tips, professional tips and much more. Subscribe Follow Subscribe to notifications Recent Posts 6 unconventional interview questions and how to answer them! 5 Habits bosses don’t want to see at work! 5 Productivity hacks to get you going at work! Letsintern.com Letsintern Blog is dedicated to enabling students across the world by assisting them to discover and connect with their passion. Contact us: blog@letsintern.com EVEN MORE NEWS 6 unconventional interview questions and how to answer them! Oct 13, 2016 5 Habits bosses don’t want to see at work! Oct 13, 2016 5 Productivity hacks to get you going at work! Oct 13, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORY Weekly Top 30 Features 276 Career Development 247 Tech World 236 Daily Hot Picks 187 Opportunities Spotlight 169 College Life 157 Understanding Careers 149 © Letsintern.com © A Part Of Aspiring Minds Disclaimer Privacy Advertisement Contact us "
  Admission Notice - ISB Hyderabad Invites Applications for PGP in Management | CollegeDekho COLLEGE LIST NEWS ARTICLES TEST PREP Q & A STUDY ABROAD Common Application Form Get CollegeDekho Mobile App Live Help 0141-3990699 Login Signup COLLEGE LIST NEWS ARTICLES TEST PREP Q & A STUDY ABROAD Filter News by Stream Institutes Courses & Exams News & Articles Home / News Before On or after Apply Admission Notice - ISB Hyderabad Invites Applications for PGP in Management July 27, 2016 03:20 PM 2 minute read , Management - BBA / MBA / Diploma Tweet Hyderabad-based Indian School of Business (ISB) invites applications for admission to one-year PG programme (PGP) in management for the academic session 2017-18. Candidates must fulfil the eligibility criteria, failing to which will lead to rejection of the application form. The Eligibility Criteria: Candidate applying must have a Bachelor’s degree in any discipline from a recognised University Besides the degree, the candidate must have a post-qualification work experience of 24 months on March 31, 2017 A valid GMAT/GRE score the applicant must have. Candidates also need to have TOEFL/ IELTS/ PTE score if their language during under-graduation was not English. Also Read: Vegetarian Cooking Course to be Introduced in Hotel Management Institutes Selection Procedure: The interview will be held for the candidates belonging to India in the following locations of -Bengaluru, Delhi, Hyderabad, Mohali and Mumbai. Whereas selected overseas location candidates will be interviewed by telephone and over skype. Application Process: Candidates applying to PGP in management program have to go through the following steps: Candidates applying to PGP in management program visit the official website Go to Programmes section and select ‘Post Graduate Programme in Management’. Candidate will be redirected to the admission page Select admissions from the drop-down and select Apply Online An account needs to be created by the candidate before applying Candidates can fill in their details and pay the application fee ,Once the login has been created, Application will be reviewed by the admission office of the institute and then applicants will be shortlisted for an interview Also Read: Top 10 Hotel Management Colleges in India Important Dates: Last date online application for cycle I- October 15, 2016 Last date online application for cycle II- January 15, 2017 For cycle 1 Interview timelines- November 1 to December 10, 2016 For cycle 2 Interview timelines for cycle 2 - January 15, 2017 to February 28, 2017 Pranab Saikia Have wide experiences working in different print media for more than 9 years Submit Related News SAI to Collaborate with Universities to Promote Sports Education October 19, 2016 04:04 PM India Chapter of Sony Global Education to Support STEM Education October 19, 2016 03:29 PM Panjab University Organises Symposium on 'International Peace through Law' October 19, 2016 02:16 PM Admission Notice - ISB Hyderabad Invites Applications for PGP in Management | CollegeDekho /news/admission-notice-isb-hyderabad-invites-applications-for-pgp-in-management-9218/ Latest News SAI to Collaborate with Universities to Promote Sports Education October 19, 2016 04:04 PM Sports Authority of India (SAI) plans to improve the standard of sports in India and has collaborated with some popular ... Articles | All How Far Will You go For Your Right to Education? October 19, 2016 05:38 PM Remember the mornings, your mom used to wake you up for school and remind you that you are running late and instead of ... Most Read Most Commented WBUT Announces Even Semester Examination Dates May 19, 2016 07:36 AM Dr. Ambedkar Law University's 8th Convocation March 29, 2016 04:35 PM Soft Skills and Language Skills are a Key to Success March 30, 2016 03:28 PM Eenadu and MVR College Conducts Mock EAMCET April 06, 2016 04:40 AM JEE Advanced Results 2016: Aman Bansal from Jaipur Emerges Topper June 12, 2016 03:59 PM Admission Notice- UPES, Dehradun Announces Admission for LL.B Programs 2016 November 25, 2015 04:52 PM IITian sets to be Scrap Dealer January 08, 2016 04:15 PM Admission Notice-NIT, Warangal Announces Admission to MBA 2016 January 07, 2016 02:29 PM KMGS Educating the Children for Rashtra Nirman August 11, 2015 12:47 PM Details of CEED 2017: Dates and Procedure August 10, 2016 11:21 AM Archives October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 February, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 November, 2015 × Close Login Required You need to be logged in to access this feature. Login Signup × Filter News by Streams Engineering Management Medical Commerce / Banking IT Arts Design Hospitality / Aviation Physical Education Sciences Retail Mass Comm Vocational Animation / Multimedia Law / Humanities Others CollegeDekho Home Q & A News Articles Claim Your Cashback Top Colleges in India Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions - Refund Policy Hot Topics WBUT Announces Even Semester Examination Dates Dr. Ambedkar Law University's 8th Convocation Soft Skills and Language Skills are a Key to Success Eenadu and MVR College Conducts Mock EAMCET JEE Advanced Results 2016: Aman Bansal from Jaipur Emerges Topper Trending Colleges Punjabi University, Bhatinda Bharathiar School of Management & Entrepreneur Development, Coimbatore Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi Cochin University of Science and Technology, Kochi Lovely Professional University, phagwara Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh Loyola College, Chennai Social Connect © 2016 CollegeDekho.com CollegeDekho gives you a chance to explore the most popular courses across India, at one place Engineering Engineering 5375 - Institutes 41412 - Courses BBA BBA 6582 - Institutes 22124 - Courses MBA MBA 6582 - Institutes 22124 - Courses Management Management 6582 - Institutes 22124 - Courses Medicine Medicine 4519 - Institutes 19108 - Courses Nursing Nursing 4519 - Institutes 19108 - Courses Health Care Health Care 4519 - Institutes 19108 - Courses Banking Banking 4524 - Institutes 8812 - Courses Finance Finance 4524 - Institutes 8812 - Courses Accounts Accounts 4524 - Institutes 8812 - Courses Commerce Commerce 4524 - Institutes 8812 - Courses IT- BCA IT- BCA 4656 - Institutes 8349 - Courses IT -MCA IT -MCA 4656 - Institutes 8349 - Courses IT - Computers IT - Computers 4656 - Institutes 8349 - Courses Languages Languages 8335 - Institutes 35767 - Courses Arts Arts 8335 - Institutes 35767 - Courses Literature Literature 8335 - Institutes 35767 - Courses Design Design 749 - Institutes 2240 - Courses Hospitality Hospitality 987 - Institutes 1967 - Courses Aviation Aviation 987 - Institutes 1967 - Courses Tourism Tourism 987 - Institutes 1967 - Courses Physical Education Physical Education 690 - Institutes 827 - Courses Sciences Sciences 5213 - Institutes 25064 - Courses Retail Retail 59 - Institutes 66 - Courses Media Films Media Films 861 - Institutes 1911 - Courses Mass Communication Mass Communication 861 - Institutes 1911 - Courses Professional Courses Professional Courses 78 - Institutes 93 - Courses Vocational Courses Vocational Courses 78 - Institutes 93 - Courses Animation Animation 182 - Institutes 397 - Courses Multimedia Multimedia 182 - Institutes 397 - Courses Politics Politics 2778 - Institutes 5426 - Courses Law Law 2778 - Institutes 5426 - Courses Humanities Humanities 2778 - Institutes 5426 - Courses Others Others 38 - Institutes 43 - Courses Start saving your College Search Create a free Profile now. SIGN UP "
  ISB PGP Mumbai Infosession June 30 2013( Part 1) - YouTube Skip navigation IN Upload Sign in Search Loading... Close Yeah, keep it Undo Close This video is unavailable. Watch Queue Queue Watch Queue Queue Remove all Disconnect Loading... Watch Queue Queue __count__/__total__ ISB PGP Mumbai Infosession June 30 2013( Part 1) Indian School of Business Subscribe Subscribed Unsubscribe 5,625 5K Loading... Loading... Working... Add to Want to watch this again later? Sign in to add this video to a playlist. Sign in Share More Report Need to report the video? Sign in to report inappropriate content. Sign in Transcript Statistics 12,957 views 27 Like this video? Sign in to make your opinion count. Sign in 28 5 Don't like this video? Sign in to make your opinion count. Sign in 6 Loading... Loading... Transcript The interactive transcript could not be loaded. Loading... Loading... Rating is available when the video has been rented. This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. Published on Jul 29, 2013 View the Mumbai infosession for ISB's Post Graduate Programme in Management with presentations by Prof. Arun Pereira, V K Menon (Senior Director - Career Advancement Services) and Hima Bindu (Senior Associate Director - Admissions). Category Education License Standard YouTube License Show more Show less Loading... Autoplay When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. Up next ISB PGP Mumbai Infosession - Part 2 (Q&A) - Duration: 50:39. Indian School of Business 4,533 views 50:39 ISB Graduation Day 2015, Hyderabad Campus Ceremony - Duration: 2:45:09. Indian School of Business 7,771 views 2:45:09 A sample class at ISB by Professor Ram Bala - Duration: 13:50. Indian School of Business 15,880 views 13:50 Samya Mishra | YLP Candidate | Class of 2016 - Duration: 13:16. Indian School of Business 3,989 views 13:16 ISB information session - Duration: 1:07:39. e-GMAT 885 views 1:07:39 How Jyothi Got Into ISB - An Exit Interview - Duration: 1:02:34. BeatTheGMATCommunity 19,675 views 1:02:34 ISB 101 - Duration: 1:00:56. Shobhit Mathur 3,074 views 1:00:56 Neeti Mishra - Duration: 2:17. Indian School of Business 8,414 views 2:17 Case Study in Entrepreneurship - Duration: 15:37. Indian School of Business 9,378 views 15:37 Webinar with ISB Admissions Part 1 - Duration: 14:48. ivyctorOfficial 1,526 views 14:48 Ratan Tata '59: The Cornell Story - Duration: 48:34. Cornell University 75,257 views 48:34 Best MBA Interview Video revealed: Must watch for CMAT, CAT takers - Duration: 13:33. Taxila BusinessSchool 866,156 views 13:33 Shadow a CEO - Duration: 8:50. Indian School of Business 509 views 8:50 Everyday @ ISB - Duration: 2:44. Narendra Prasad Kolary 23,664 views 2:44 The Pursuit of Happiness - Duration: 14:46. Indian School of Business 3,025 views 14:46 Ravi Kaushik ISB Final Winning Speech Best Speaker Award - Duration: 5:11. Ravi Kaushik 24,373 views 5:11 Where does the One Year at ISB take you? - Duration: 1:55. Indian School of Business 16,627 views 1:55 Twinkle Uppal | YLP Candidate | Class of 2016 - Duration: 7:51. Indian School of Business 9,280 views 7:51 Experiencing the ISB, Mohali Campus - Duration: 3:59. Indian School of Business 7,711 views 3:59 Impossible School of Business - Speech at ISB Hyderabad - Duration: 7:20. trulytushar 22,547 views 7:20 Loading more suggestions... Show more Language: English Content location: India Restricted Mode: Off History Help Loading... Loading... Loading... About Press Copyright Creators Advertise Developers +YouTube Terms Privacy Policy & Safety Send feedback Try something new! Loading... Working... Sign in to add this to Watch Later Add to Loading playlists... "
  Indian School of Business (ISB) | Shiksha.com MBA Popular Courses MBA/PGDM Executive MBA Distance MBA Online MBA Part-Time MBA Exams Popular Exams CAT CMAT SNAP XAT MAT NMAT by GMAC > All Exams > Exam Calendar Colleges by Location MBA Colleges in India MBA Colleges in Bangalore MBA Colleges in Chennai MBA colleges in Delhi-NCR MBA Colleges in Hyderabad MBA Colleges in Kolkata MBA Colleges in Mumbai MBA Colleges in Pune > More Locations Top Colleges Popular Colleges IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore XLRI FMS IIM Indore SIBM Pune > MBA College Rankings > Executive MBA College Rankings Featured Colleges Kasturi Institute of Aviation Management (KIMS Coimbatore) Park Global School Of Business Excellence, Chennai Compare Colleges Popular Comparisons IIM-A vs IIM-B IIM-A vs IIM-C SIBM vs SIMS SP Jain Mumbai vs MDI Gurgaon SIES Mumbai vs PUMBA Pune > Compare other MBA colleges College Reviews Popular Reviews IIMs Non IIMs MBA Colleges in Bangalore MBA Colleges in Delhi-NCR MBA Colleges in Mumbai MBA Colleges in Pune > All College Reviews > Write a review IIM Call Predictor Ask Current MBA Students Popular Colleges XIME Bangalore SIBM Pune JBIMS Mumbai FMS IIM Ahmedabad > Other MBA colleges Resources MBA Alumni Salary Data Shortlist Colleges Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles Apply to colleges Engineering Popular Courses B.E/B.Tech M.E/M.Tech Diploma Exams Popular Exams JEE Mains UPSEE COMEDK BITSAT WBJEE > All Exams > Exam Calendar Colleges by Location Engineering Colleges in India Engineering Colleges in Bangalore Engineering Colleges in Chennai Engineering Colleges in Delhi-NCR Engineering Colleges in Kolkata Engineering Colleges in Mumbai Engineering Colleges in Pune Engineering Colleges in Hyderabad > More Locations Top Colleges Popular Colleges IIT Delhi IIT Bombay BITS Pilani IIT Kanpur NIT Trichy > Engineering College Rankings Compare Colleges Popular Comparisons IIT Madras vs IIT Kanpur VNIT vs NIT Rourkela Alliance University vs Christ University IIT Bombay vs IIT Delhi BITS vs DTU > Compare other colleges Rank Predictors COMEDK 2016 Rank predictor JEE Advanced 2016 Rank predictor JEE MAIN 2016 Rank predictor College Predictors CGPET 2016 College predictor COMEDK 2016 College predictor HSTES 2016 College predictor JEE MAIN 2016 College predictor KCET 2016 College predictor KEAM 2016 College predictor MHCET 2016 College predictor MPPET 2016 College predictor PTU 2016 College predictor TNEA 2016 College predictor UPSEE 2016 College predictor WBJEE 2016 College predictor College Reviews > All College Reviews > Write a review Resources Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles Apply to colleges Design Popular Courses Fashion & Textile Design Graphic Design Industrial, Automotive, Product Design Interaction Design Interior Design Jewellery & Accessory Design Exams Popular Exams AICET CEED NID Entrance Exam NIFT Entrance Exam UCEED > All Exams Featured Exams CEED NID Entrance Exam NIFT Entrance Exam UCEED Pearl Academy Entrance Exam Top Colleges Popular Colleges NID Ahmedabad NIFT Delhi Pearl Academy Delhi NIFT Mumbai Vogue Institute of Fashion Technology > Fashion Designing College Rankings Resources Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles Other Courses Animation, VFX, Gaming & Comics Popular Courses Animation Graphic Designing Top Colleges MAAC Arena Animation FX School Resources Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles More Courses Multimedia Comic Design Game Design and Development Mobile App / Game design VFX Web Designing Arts, Law, Languages & Teaching Popular Courses Arts & Humanities Law Top Colleges St Stephen's College Hansraj College NLSIU > Law College Rankings > Arts College Rankings Exams CLAT LSAT AILET > All Exams More Courses Arts & Humanities (Distance) Call Centre Training / BPO Training Creative / Commercial / Performing Arts Government Sector Language Learning Social Sciences Teaching Resources Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles Banking & Finance Popular Courses Accounting Banking Commerce Top Colleges SRCC ISBF Loyola College > Commerce College Rankings Resources Ask a Question Discussions More Courses CA CFA, CPA, CIMA CS Finance Financial Planning ICWAI/ICAI Insurance Securities & Trading Hospitality, Aviation & Tourism Popular Courses Aviation Hotel Management Top Colleges IHM Mumbai IHM Kolkata IHM Bangalore > Hotel Management College Rankings Exams IIHM eCHAT NCHMCT JEE Ecole Hoteliere Lavasa Exam More Courses Aircraft Maintenance Engineering Event Management Tourism Management Resources Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles Information Technology Popular Courses BCA, DCA, B.Sc CS/IT DOEACC MCA, PGDCA, M.Sc CS/IT Programming Languages Top Colleges NIIT Aptech Jetking > BCA College Rankings Resources Ask a Question Discussions More Courses Cisco Certifications CAD/CAM/CAE Cloud Computing Cyber Security/IT Security Distance BCA Distance MCA Embedded Systems/VLSI & Robotics Ethical Hacking Game Design and Development Hardware & Networking IBM Mainframe ITIL (IT Infrastructure Library) Java Certifications Linux Live/ Real Time Projects Microsoft Certifications Mobile Applications Oracle/DB Project Management Red Hat Certifications SAN Certification SAP SAS Six Sigma Certification Software Testing Tally Telecom Management Management Popular Courses BBA/BMS/BBM/BBS Certifications Integrated (B.Tech + MBA) Integrated (BBA + MBA) Top Colleges Christ University Mount Carmel College SSCBS > BBA College Rankings Resources Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles Media, Films & Mass Comm Popular Courses Journalism Mass Communication Media Top Colleges LSR Madras Christian College IIMC Delhi > Mass Communication College Rankings Exams IIMC Entrance Exam JMI Entrance Exam XIC OET ACJ Entrance Exam More Courses Photography Acting, Modelling, Anchoring & Jockeying Advertising & PR Event Management Film making & Production Resources Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles Medicine, Beauty & Health Care Popular Courses MBBS Pharmacy Top Colleges AIIMS CMC Vellore AFMC > Medical College Rankings Resources Ask a Question Discussions More Courses Beauty, Cosmetology, Hair Dressing & Makeup Alternate Medicine Biotechnology Clinical Research (CR) Clinical Trials Dental Surgery Healthcare & Hospital Management MD Medical Transcription Microbiology Nursing Optometry Paramedical Sciences Pharmacovigilance Physiotherapy Public Health Retail Popular Courses Supply Chain Management Front Office Management Inventory Management Merchandising Management Shop Floor Management Store Management Top Colleges Indian Institute of Logistics Chennai Great India Degree College, Hyderabad Indian Institute of Materials Management, Mumbai Resources Ask a Question Discussions Science & Engineering Popular Courses B.Sc M.Sc Top Colleges Christ University Loyola College Stella Maris College > Science College Rankings Resources Ask a Question Discussions News and Articles More Courses Architecture Advanced Technical Courses Aircraft Maintenance Engineering B.E. Marine Engineering Distance B.Sc Distance B.Tech Distance Diploma Distance M.Sc M.E. Marine Engineering Phd Test Preparation Popular Courses Engineering Entrance Management Entrance Medical Entrance Top Colleges FIIT JEE T.I.M.E. Aakash Institute More Courses B.Com Coaching B.Sc Coaching Bank PO Coaching Civil Services & Government Exams Law Entrance Study Abroad Coaching Study Abroad Colleges Bachelors By course Btech Masters By course MBA MS Certificate - Diploma By stream Business Computers Engineering Humanities Law Medicine Science By stream Business Computers Engineering Humanities Law Medicine Science By stream Business Computers Engineering Humanities Law Medicine Science Countries Universities by Country Universities in Australia Universities in Canada Universities in Germany Universities in New Zealand Universities in Singapore Universities in UK Universities in USA > Explore more countries Country Home Study in USA Study in Canada Study in Australia Study in UK Study in Germany Study in Singapore Study in New Zealand Study in Netherlands > Explore More Countries Rankings Top MBA Colleges in UK Top MS Colleges in UK Top MBA Colleges in USA Top UG Business Schools in USA Top MS Colleges Abroad Top Universities Abroad Application Process Exams Language Exams IELTS TOEFL PTE Aptitude Exams GRE GMAT SAT Application Writing Statement Of Purpose (SOP) Letter Of Recommendation (LOR) Admission Essays Student CV Student Visa Counselling Get Expert Guidance Ask a Question Discussions Careers after 12th By Stream Science Commerce Humanities Popular Careers Aeronautical Engineer Chartered Accountant Computer Engineer Doctor Hotel Manager Pilot > All other careers COLLEGES COLLEGES CAREERS EXAMS Loading… Advanced Options : Advanced Options : Loading… Design Engineering Hospitality Law MBA Mass Communication Loading… 0 Log in Register Javascript is disabled in your browser due to this certain functionalities will not work. Click Here , to know how to enable it. Home › Indian School of Business (ISB) Jump to Photos & Videos Courses Offered Why Join College Reviews Reviews College Details Download E-Brochure JUMP TO Photos & Videos Courses Offered Why Join College Reviews Reviews College Details Download E-Brochure Indian School of Business (ISB) , Gachibowli, Hyderabad Established in 2001 Get contact details on email/SMS Photos and videos of this college 8 Photos | 5 Videos Photos of Indian School of Business (ISB) Photo of Indian School of Business (ISB) , Gachibowli, Hyderabad 1 1 of 8 Photo of Indian School of Business (ISB) , Gachibowli, Hyderabad 2 2 of 8 Photo of Indian School of Business (ISB) , Gachibowli, Hyderabad 3 3 of 8 classroom 4 of 8 IBS entrance 5 of 8 main entrance 6 of 8 learning centre 7 of 8 library 8 of 8 Videos of Indian School of Business (ISB) About ISB 1 of 5 Courses Offered Management Certifications (5) Part Time MBA (2) Executive MBA (1) MBA (1) Biocon Certificate Programme in Business Analytics, 1 Year Leadership Program in Infrastructure Management, 12 Months Management Program in Public Policy, 1 Year IICA Certificate in CSR Management, 16 Weeks Certificate Programme in Manufacturing & Operations Management, 12 Months Post Graduate Programme in Management for Senior Executives, 15 Months Management Programme for Family Business, 15 Months Post Graduate Programme in Management, 1 Year Fellowship Programme in Management, 4 Years Medicine, Beauty & Health Care Hospital Management (1) Certificate in Healthcare Management, 12 Months Why Join Indian School of Business (ISB) Excellent placement with good salary packages Ranked 33rd by Financial Times Global MBA ranking in 2015 Academic tie-up with foreign universities Student exchange programs with 42 leading schools from various countries such as the U.S., France, South Africa, Israel, Germany etc. Accredited by AACSB Visiting faculty from Wharton, Kellogg, London Business School, Cornell, Chicago, Duke and UCLA Research papers published by faculty in national and international journals Scholarships for meritorious and deserving students Promotes entrepreneurship among students Download E-Brochure College Reviews Rating is based on actual reviews of students who studied at this college Post Graduate Programme in Management 4.2 /5 College Details Placement Services Conducts integrated placement for Hyderabad and Mohali campus Active and dynamic placement cell which organizes Pre-placement talks, In campus interview and Industry interaction Placement Snapshot 2015 Placement Stats Years (Class of) 2013 2014 Class size 762 766 Avg. Age 27 27 Avg. Work Exp. 5 5 No. of Students 741 759 No. of Companies 423 350 Total offers 819 884 International offers 63 68 Average Domestic Salary (in Rs.) 1741081(*) 1815964(*) (*) Mid 80 percentile offer average Top Recruiting Companies ABB Ltd Accenture India Aditya Birla Group Aon Hewitt Bharti Airtel Citibank Cognizant Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd Deloitte Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd Ernst & Young Flipkart India Pvt Ltd Genpact Google India HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hindustan Unilever Ltd Honeywell International India Pvt Ltd HSBC Plc IBM India Pvt Ltd ICICI Bank ITC Ltd Kotak Mahindra Mutual Life Insurance Ltd KPMG Larsen & Toubro Ltd Microsoft MindTree Ltd Mphasis - An HP Company Philips Electronics India Ltd Siemens Ltd Tech Mahindra Ltd Videocon Industris Ltd Virtusa Consulting Services Pvt Ltd Wipro Ltd Yes Bank Ltd and many more... Rankings & Awards Ranked fourth among top 25 global B-Schools by LTG group - 2015 Ranked 33rd in the Global Top MBA rankings by Financial Times, London - 2015 Ranked 36th in the Global Top MBA rankings by Financial Times, London - 2014 Ranked 34th in the Global Top MBA rankings by Financial Times, London - 2013 Ranked 20th in the Global Top MBA rankings by Financial Times, London - 2012 Infrastructure / Teaching Facilities Lecture theatres equipped with broadband communications network, ensuring global connectivity and audiovisual and video-conferencing facilities Well-stocked library State-of-the-art recreation centre with sports facilities such as a swimming pool, fitness centre, and courts for badminton etc Transport facilities which shuttle between the city and the campus Dining rooms Scholarships ISB Tuition Waivers Waiver Amount Count Criteria Application Process Full tuition fee waivers Full tuition fees 7 Merit based, at the discretion of the Admission Committee. Only for Cycle 1 applicants No need for a separate application. Partial tuition fee waivers INR. 5 - 10 Lakh 25 to 30 Merit based, at the discretion of the Admission Committee. No need for a separate application. Need based tuition fee waivers INR. 5 Lakh 25 to 30 Applicants with family income (including applicant’s income) of less than INR. 10 lakh per annum. Applicants from family business, entrepreneurial & self-employed background will not be considered. Applicants who have studied or worked outside India will not be considered. Application and essay topic available as a part of the PGP application. ISB - AIESEC waivers INR. 5 Lakh 3 Merit based, at the discretion of the Admission Committee. Only for AIESEC alumni. Application and essay topic available as a part of the PGP application. Diversity waivers INR. 5 Lakh 5 to 10 Merit based, at the discretion of Admission Committee. No need for a separate application. Corporate and alumni endowed scholarships Schlolarship Amount Count Criteria Application Process Aditya Shembekar scholarship INR. 4 Lakh 1 Applicants with family income (including applicant’s income) of less than INR. 10 lakh per annum. Applicants from family business, entrepreneurial & self-employed background will not be considered. Applicants who have studied or worked outside India will not be considered. Evaluation on the basis of the PGP need-based waivers application - a part of the PGP application form. PGPMax Class of 2012 endowment INR. 5 Lakh 1 Applicants with family income (including applicant’s income) of less than INR. 10 lakh per annum. Applicants from family business, entrepreneurial & self-employed background will not be considered. Applicants who have studied or worked outside India will not be considered. Application and personal interview after enrolment in the PGP Class. Bajaj Auto Scholar Full Tuition 3 Merit based, at the discretion of the respective application year's Admission Committee. Evaluation on the basis of the PGP application. Citi Scholar US$ 12,500 or in INR. 2 to 4 Merit based, at the discretion of the sponsor Application and personal interview after enrolment in the PGP Class. ISB Alumni endowment INR. 8 to 10 Lakh 1 Merit based, at the discretion of the respective application year's Admission Committee. Evaluation on the basis of the PGP application. Class of 2011 alumni endowment INR. 4 Lakh 1 Applicants with family income (including applicant’s income) of less than INR. 10 lakh per annum. Applicants from family business, entrepreneurial & self-employed background will not be considered. Applicants who have studied or worked outside India will not be considered. Application and personal interview after enrolment in the PGP Class. Novartis Scholarship INR 4 Lakh 3 Need based, only for female students who have completed their schooling from non 'A' class town. Applicants from family business, entrepreneurial & self-employed background will not be considered. Applicants who have studied or worked outside India will not be considered. Eligible profiles will be forwarded by the Admissions Office to Novartis. No interview involved. Nurture India Scholarship INR 6 to 7 Lakh 1 Granted to an admitted student who is the sole bread earner of the family with dependant parents / siblings with no or very little income. Applicants from family business, entrepreneurial & self-employed background will not be considered. Applicants who have studied or worked outside India will not be considered. Evaluation on the basis of the PGP need-based waivers application - a part of the PGP application form. International Scholarships Name of Scholarship Amount Number Criteria Selection Process ISB Full-tuition Waivers Full-tuition fee 16 Applicants of non-indian origin Overall merit and means ISB - AIESEC Scholarship INR 1 million 2 AIESEC alumni of non-Indian origin Overall merit along with an essay. Bridge to India Scholarship INR 0.5 to 1 million 3 Indian Passport holders based outside India. Overall merit along with an essay. La Caixa and Casa Asia Scholarship Total expenditure 3 Spanish Citizens with UG from a Spanish University. Talentia Scholarship Total expenditure Varies every year Andalusian applicants MOU s with various companies Laurus Labs Institute of Business Administration (IBA),Karachi to provide executive education in Pakistan The Unique Identification Authority of India to facilitate collaborative research and intellectual exchange Batch Profile 2015 Class size - 763 Woman - 30% Men - 70% Contact details of Indian School of Business (ISB) , Gachibowli, Hyderabad Institute contact details have been sent to you on your mobile & email Address: Gachibowli, Hyderabad, Telangana, India- 500032 Website: www.isb.edu Contact No: 04023007000 Report Incorrect Number 04023007000 Select the number(s) to report as incorrect Submit Fax No.: 04023007099 Get contact details on email/SMS Download E-Brochure Share your details with the college. India (+91) Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antarctica (+672) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) British Indian Ocean Territory (+246) Brunei Darussalam (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central African Republic (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Christmas Island (+61) Cocos (Keeling) Islands (+891) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Republic of the Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Curacao (+599) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (Malvinas) (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guernsey (+44) Guinea (+224) Guinea-Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) Indonesia (+62) Iran, Islamic Republic of (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Isle of Man (+44) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jersey (+44) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libyan Arab Jamahiriya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mayotte (+262) Mexico (+52) Micronesia, Federated States of (+691) Moldova, Republic of (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) North Korea (+850) Northern Mariana Islands (+1) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palau (+680) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Pitcairn (+64) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Republic of Korea (+82) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russian Federation (+7) Rwanda (+250) Saint Bartelemey (+590) Saint Helena (+290) Saint Kitts and Nevis (+1) Saint Lucia (+1) Saint Martin (+590) Saint Pierre and Miquelon (+508) Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (+1) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome and Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Sint Maarten (+1) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) South Sudan (+211) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Svalbard and Jan Mayen (+47) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syrian Arab Republic (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Timor-Leste (+670) Togo (+228) Tokelau (+690) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Vanuatu (+678) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Wallis and Futuna (+681) Western Sahara (+212) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Select Course Post Graduate Programme in Management Fellowship Programme in Management Post Graduate Programme in Management for Senior Executives Management Programme for Family Business Biocon Certificate Programme in Business Analytics Current City Chandigarh Mohali Panchkula Mumbai Navi Mumbai Thane Alwar Baghpat Bahadurgarh Bhiwadi Bulandshahr Delhi Delhi - Other Faridabad Ghaziabad Greater Noida Gurgaon Hapur Jhajjar Karnal Meerut Neemrana Noida Panipat Rohtak Sonepat Bangalore Chennai Hyderabad Kolkata Pune Andaman Nicobar Islands Anantapur Andhra Pradesh - Other Chittoor East Godavari Guntur Kadapa Kakinada Krishna Kurnool Nellore Prakasam Rajahmundry Tirupati Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Vizianagaram West Godavari Arunachal Pradesh - Other Itanagar Assam - Other Dibrugarh Dispur Guwahati Jorhat Nagaon North Lakhimpur Silchar Tezpur Arrah Bhagalpur Bihar - Other Gaya Hajipur Muzaffarpur Nalanda Patna Rajgir Vaishali Chandigarh Bhilai BilasPur Bilaspur(CG) Chhattisgarh - Other Chirimiri Korba Raigarh Raipur Dadra And Nagar Haveli - Other Silvassa Daman & Diu Delhi Delhi - Other Canacona Goa - Other Mapusa Margao Old Goa Panaji Ponda Vasco Da Gama Adipur Ahmedabad Anand Bharuch Bhavnagar Gandhidham Gandhinagar Gujarat - Other Jamnagar Kutch District Navsari Rajkot Surat Vadodara Vapi Ambala Bahadurgarh Faridabad Gurgaon Haryana - Other Hisar Jhajjar Kaithal Karnal Kurukshetra Murthal Panchkula Panipat Rewari Rohtak Sonepat Yamuna Nagar Dharamsala Hamirpur Himachal Pradesh - Other Kullu Manali Mandi Shimla Sirmour Solan Una Gulmarg Jammu Jammu & Kashmir - Other Ladakh Leh Pahalgam Srinagar Bokaro Steel City Dhanbad Hazaribagh Jamshedpur Jharkhand - Other Ramgarh Ranchi Bangalore Belgaum Bidar Bijapur Chikballpura Chitradurga Coorg Davangere Dharwad Doballapura Gulbarga Hampi Hassan Hoskote Hubli Karnataka - Other Mangalore Manipal Mysore Raichur Shimoga Tumkur Udupi Alleppey Amritapuri Calicut Ernakulum Idukki Kannur Kasargode Kerala - Other Kochi Kollam Kottayam Kovalam Kozhikode Kumarakom Munnar Palakkad Pathanamthitta Thekkady Thiruvananthapuram Thrissur Trivandrum Wayanad Lakshadweep Bhopal Dewas Gwalior Indore Jabalpur Khajuraho Madhya Pradesh - Other Orchha Sagar Singrauli Ujjain Ahmednagar Akola Amravati Aurangabad Baramati Chandrapur Dhule Jalgaon Kolhapur Latur Maharashtra - Other Mumbai Nagpur Nanded Nashik Navi Mumbai Parbhani Pune Raigad Raigarh Pen Ratnagiri Sangli Satara Shirpur Solapur Thane Ulhasnagar Wardha Yavatmal Imphal Manipur - Other Meghalaya - Other Shillong Aizawl Mizoram - Other Kohima Nagaland - Other Angul Bhubaneswar Brahmapur Cuttack Ganjam Jajpur Konark Orissa - Other Puri Rourkela Sambalpur Pondicherry Amritsar Bathinda Faridkot Ferozpur Hoshiarpur Jalandhar Ludhiana Moga Mohali Muktsar Nangal Nawanshahar Patiala Phagwara Punjab - Other Ropar Ajmer Alwar Bharatpur Bhilwara Bhiwadi Bikaner Bundi Jaipur Jaisalmer Jhunjhunu Jodhpur Kota Neemrana Pilani Rajasthan - Other Ranakpur Shekhawati Sikar Sriganaganagar Udaipur Gangtok Sikkim - Other Chennai Coimbatore Dharmapuri Erode Hosur Kanchipuram Kanyakumari Karaikudi Karur Kodaikanal Madurai Nagercoil Namakkal Neyveli Ooty Rameshwaram Salem Tamil Nadu - Other Thanjavur Tiruchirappalli Tirunelveli Vellore Virudhunagar Hyderabad Karimnagar Khammam Medak Nalgonda Nizamabad Ranga Reddy Secunderabad Telangana-Other Warangal Agartala Tripura - Other Agra Aligarh Allahabad Baghpat Bareilly Bulandshahr Dadri Ghaziabad Ghazipur Gorakhpur Greater Noida Hapur Jaunpur Jhansi Kanpur Lucknow Mathura Meerut Modinagar Moradabad Muzaffarnagar Noida Saharanpur Uttar Pradesh - Other Varanasi Dehradun Haldwani Haridwar Nainital Rishikesh Roorkee Rudrapur Uttarakhand - Other Asansol Bardhaman Darjeeling District 24 Parganas Durgapur Haldia Howrah Kalyani Kharagpur Kolkata Malda Midnapore Murshidabad Naihati Serampore Siliguri West Bengal - Other Preferred Localities for Studies Preference 1: Select City Chandigarh Mohali Panchkula Mumbai Navi Mumbai Thane Alwar Baghpat Bahadurgarh Bhiwadi Bulandshahr Delhi Delhi - Other Faridabad Ghaziabad Greater Noida Gurgaon Hapur Jhajjar Karnal Meerut Neemrana Noida Panipat Rohtak Sonepat Bangalore Chennai Hyderabad Kolkata Pune Andaman Nicobar Islands Anantapur Andhra Pradesh - Other Chittoor East Godavari Guntur Kadapa Kakinada Krishna Kurnool Nellore Prakasam Rajahmundry Tirupati Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Vizianagaram West Godavari Arunachal Pradesh - Other Itanagar Assam - Other Dibrugarh Dispur Guwahati Jorhat Nagaon North Lakhimpur Silchar Tezpur Arrah Bhagalpur Bihar - Other Gaya Hajipur Muzaffarpur Nalanda Patna Rajgir Vaishali Chandigarh Bhilai BilasPur Bilaspur(CG) Chhattisgarh - Other Chirimiri Korba Raigarh Raipur Dadra And Nagar Haveli - Other Silvassa Daman & Diu Delhi Delhi - Other Canacona Goa - Other Mapusa Margao Old Goa Panaji Ponda Vasco Da Gama Adipur Ahmedabad Anand Bharuch Bhavnagar Gandhidham Gandhinagar Gujarat - Other Jamnagar Kutch District Navsari Rajkot Surat Vadodara Vapi Ambala Bahadurgarh Faridabad Gurgaon Haryana - Other Hisar Jhajjar Kaithal Karnal Kurukshetra Murthal Panchkula Panipat Rewari Rohtak Sonepat Yamuna Nagar Dharamsala Hamirpur Himachal Pradesh - Other Kullu Manali Mandi Shimla Sirmour Solan Una Gulmarg Jammu Jammu & Kashmir - Other Ladakh Leh Pahalgam Srinagar Bokaro Steel City Dhanbad Hazaribagh Jamshedpur Jharkhand - Other Ramgarh Ranchi Bangalore Belgaum Bidar Bijapur Chikballpura Chitradurga Coorg Davangere Dharwad Doballapura Gulbarga Hampi Hassan Hoskote Hubli Karnataka - Other Mangalore Manipal Mysore Raichur Shimoga Tumkur Udupi Alleppey Amritapuri Calicut Ernakulum Idukki Kannur Kasargode Kerala - Other Kochi Kollam Kottayam Kovalam Kozhikode Kumarakom Munnar Palakkad Pathanamthitta Thekkady Thiruvananthapuram Thrissur Trivandrum Wayanad Lakshadweep Bhopal Dewas Gwalior Indore Jabalpur Khajuraho Madhya Pradesh - Other Orchha Sagar Singrauli Ujjain Ahmednagar Akola Amravati Aurangabad Baramati Chandrapur Dhule Jalgaon Kolhapur Latur Maharashtra - Other Mumbai Nagpur Nanded Nashik Navi Mumbai Parbhani Pune Raigad Raigarh Pen Ratnagiri Sangli Satara Shirpur Solapur Thane Ulhasnagar Wardha Yavatmal Imphal Manipur - Other Meghalaya - Other Shillong Aizawl Mizoram - Other Kohima Nagaland - Other Angul Bhubaneswar Brahmapur Cuttack Ganjam Jajpur Konark Orissa - Other Puri Rourkela Sambalpur Pondicherry Amritsar Bathinda Faridkot Ferozpur Hoshiarpur Jalandhar Ludhiana Moga Mohali Muktsar Nangal Nawanshahar Patiala Phagwara Punjab - Other Ropar Ajmer Alwar Bharatpur Bhilwara Bhiwadi Bikaner Bundi Jaipur Jaisalmer Jhunjhunu Jodhpur Kota Neemrana Pilani Rajasthan - Other Ranakpur Shekhawati Sikar Sriganaganagar Udaipur Gangtok Sikkim - Other Chennai Coimbatore Dharmapuri Erode Hosur Kanchipuram Kanyakumari Karaikudi Karur Kodaikanal Madurai Nagercoil Namakkal Neyveli Ooty Rameshwaram Salem Tamil Nadu - Other Thanjavur Tiruchirappalli Tirunelveli Vellore Virudhunagar Hyderabad Karimnagar Khammam Medak Nalgonda Nizamabad Ranga Reddy Secunderabad Telangana-Other Warangal Agartala Tripura - Other Agra Aligarh Allahabad Baghpat Bareilly Bulandshahr Dadri Ghaziabad Ghazipur Gorakhpur Greater Noida Hapur Jaunpur Jhansi Kanpur Lucknow Mathura Meerut Modinagar Moradabad Muzaffarnagar Noida Saharanpur Uttar Pradesh - Other Varanasi Dehradun Haldwani Haridwar Nainital Rishikesh Roorkee Rudrapur Uttarakhand - Other Asansol Bardhaman Darjeeling District 24 Parganas Durgapur Haldia Howrah Kalyani Kharagpur Kolkata Malda Midnapore Murshidabad Naihati Serampore Siliguri West Bengal - Other Select Area Preference 2: Select City Array Select Area Preference 3: Select City Array Select Area Preference 4: Select City Array Select Area + Add another preference Graduation Completion Year 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 XII Completion Year 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 ? E-Brochure successfully mailed. Download E-Brochure Share your details with the College India (+91) Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antarctica (+672) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) British Indian Ocean Territory (+246) Brunei Darussalam (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central African Republic (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Christmas Island (+61) Cocos (Keeling) Islands (+891) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Republic of the Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Curacao (+599) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (Malvinas) (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guernsey (+44) Guinea (+224) Guinea-Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) Indonesia (+62) Iran, Islamic Republic of (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Isle of Man (+44) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jersey (+44) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libyan Arab Jamahiriya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mayotte (+262) Mexico (+52) Micronesia, Federated States of (+691) Moldova, Republic of (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) North Korea (+850) Northern Mariana Islands (+1) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palau (+680) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Pitcairn (+64) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Republic of Korea (+82) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russian Federation (+7) Rwanda (+250) Saint Bartelemey (+590) Saint Helena (+290) Saint Kitts and Nevis (+1) Saint Lucia (+1) Saint Martin (+590) Saint Pierre and Miquelon (+508) Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (+1) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome and Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Sint Maarten (+1) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) South Sudan (+211) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Svalbard and Jan Mayen (+47) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syrian Arab Republic (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Timor-Leste (+670) Togo (+228) Tokelau (+690) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Vanuatu (+678) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Wallis and Futuna (+681) Western Sahara (+212) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Select Course Post Graduate Programme in Management Fellowship Programme in Management Post Graduate Programme in Management for Senior Executives Management Programme for Family Business Biocon Certificate Programme in Business Analytics Current City Chandigarh Mohali Panchkula Mumbai Navi Mumbai Thane Alwar Baghpat Bahadurgarh Bhiwadi Bulandshahr Delhi Delhi - Other Faridabad Ghaziabad Greater Noida Gurgaon Hapur Jhajjar Karnal Meerut Neemrana Noida Panipat Rohtak Sonepat Bangalore Chennai Hyderabad Kolkata Pune Andaman Nicobar Islands Anantapur Andhra Pradesh - Other Chittoor East Godavari Guntur Kadapa Kakinada Krishna Kurnool Nellore Prakasam Rajahmundry Tirupati Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Vizianagaram West Godavari Arunachal Pradesh - Other Itanagar Assam - Other Dibrugarh Dispur Guwahati Jorhat Nagaon North Lakhimpur Silchar Tezpur Arrah Bhagalpur Bihar - Other Gaya Hajipur Muzaffarpur Nalanda Patna Rajgir Vaishali Chandigarh Bhilai BilasPur Bilaspur(CG) Chhattisgarh - Other Chirimiri Korba Raigarh Raipur Dadra And Nagar Haveli - Other Silvassa Daman & Diu Delhi Delhi - Other Canacona Goa - Other Mapusa Margao Old Goa Panaji Ponda Vasco Da Gama Adipur Ahmedabad Anand Bharuch Bhavnagar Gandhidham Gandhinagar Gujarat - Other Jamnagar Kutch District Navsari Rajkot Surat Vadodara Vapi Ambala Bahadurgarh Faridabad Gurgaon Haryana - Other Hisar Jhajjar Kaithal Karnal Kurukshetra Murthal Panchkula Panipat Rewari Rohtak Sonepat Yamuna Nagar Dharamsala Hamirpur Himachal Pradesh - Other Kullu Manali Mandi Shimla Sirmour Solan Una Gulmarg Jammu Jammu & Kashmir - Other Ladakh Leh Pahalgam Srinagar Bokaro Steel City Dhanbad Hazaribagh Jamshedpur Jharkhand - Other Ramgarh Ranchi Bangalore Belgaum Bidar Bijapur Chikballpura Chitradurga Coorg Davangere Dharwad Doballapura Gulbarga Hampi Hassan Hoskote Hubli Karnataka - Other Mangalore Manipal Mysore Raichur Shimoga Tumkur Udupi Alleppey Amritapuri Calicut Ernakulum Idukki Kannur Kasargode Kerala - Other Kochi Kollam Kottayam Kovalam Kozhikode Kumarakom Munnar Palakkad Pathanamthitta Thekkady Thiruvananthapuram Thrissur Trivandrum Wayanad Lakshadweep Bhopal Dewas Gwalior Indore Jabalpur Khajuraho Madhya Pradesh - Other Orchha Sagar Singrauli Ujjain Ahmednagar Akola Amravati Aurangabad Baramati Chandrapur Dhule Jalgaon Kolhapur Latur Maharashtra - Other Mumbai Nagpur Nanded Nashik Navi Mumbai Parbhani Pune Raigad Raigarh Pen Ratnagiri Sangli Satara Shirpur Solapur Thane Ulhasnagar Wardha Yavatmal Imphal Manipur - Other Meghalaya - Other Shillong Aizawl Mizoram - Other Kohima Nagaland - Other Angul Bhubaneswar Brahmapur Cuttack Ganjam Jajpur Konark Orissa - Other Puri Rourkela Sambalpur Pondicherry Amritsar Bathinda Faridkot Ferozpur Hoshiarpur Jalandhar Ludhiana Moga Mohali Muktsar Nangal Nawanshahar Patiala Phagwara Punjab - Other Ropar Ajmer Alwar Bharatpur Bhilwara Bhiwadi Bikaner Bundi Jaipur Jaisalmer Jhunjhunu Jodhpur Kota Neemrana Pilani Rajasthan - Other Ranakpur Shekhawati Sikar Sriganaganagar Udaipur Gangtok Sikkim - Other Chennai Coimbatore Dharmapuri Erode Hosur Kanchipuram Kanyakumari Karaikudi Karur Kodaikanal Madurai Nagercoil Namakkal Neyveli Ooty Rameshwaram Salem Tamil Nadu - Other Thanjavur Tiruchirappalli Tirunelveli Vellore Virudhunagar Hyderabad Karimnagar Khammam Medak Nalgonda Nizamabad Ranga Reddy Secunderabad Telangana-Other Warangal Agartala Tripura - Other Agra Aligarh Allahabad Baghpat Bareilly Bulandshahr Dadri Ghaziabad Ghazipur Gorakhpur Greater Noida Hapur Jaunpur Jhansi Kanpur Lucknow Mathura Meerut Modinagar Moradabad Muzaffarnagar Noida Saharanpur Uttar Pradesh - Other Varanasi Dehradun Haldwani Haridwar Nainital Rishikesh Roorkee Rudrapur Uttarakhand - Other Asansol Bardhaman Darjeeling District 24 Parganas Durgapur Haldia Howrah Kalyani Kharagpur Kolkata Malda Midnapore Murshidabad Naihati Serampore Siliguri West Bengal - Other Preferred Localities for Studies Preference 1: Select City Chandigarh Mohali Panchkula Mumbai Navi Mumbai Thane Alwar Baghpat Bahadurgarh Bhiwadi Bulandshahr Delhi Delhi - Other Faridabad Ghaziabad Greater Noida Gurgaon Hapur Jhajjar Karnal Meerut Neemrana Noida Panipat Rohtak Sonepat Bangalore Chennai Hyderabad Kolkata Pune Andaman Nicobar Islands Anantapur Andhra Pradesh - Other Chittoor East Godavari Guntur Kadapa Kakinada Krishna Kurnool Nellore Prakasam Rajahmundry Tirupati Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Vizianagaram West Godavari Arunachal Pradesh - Other Itanagar Assam - Other Dibrugarh Dispur Guwahati Jorhat Nagaon North Lakhimpur Silchar Tezpur Arrah Bhagalpur Bihar - Other Gaya Hajipur Muzaffarpur Nalanda Patna Rajgir Vaishali Chandigarh Bhilai BilasPur Bilaspur(CG) Chhattisgarh - Other Chirimiri Korba Raigarh Raipur Dadra And Nagar Haveli - Other Silvassa Daman & Diu Delhi Delhi - Other Canacona Goa - Other Mapusa Margao Old Goa Panaji Ponda Vasco Da Gama Adipur Ahmedabad Anand Bharuch Bhavnagar Gandhidham Gandhinagar Gujarat - Other Jamnagar Kutch District Navsari Rajkot Surat Vadodara Vapi Ambala Bahadurgarh Faridabad Gurgaon Haryana - Other Hisar Jhajjar Kaithal Karnal Kurukshetra Murthal Panchkula Panipat Rewari Rohtak Sonepat Yamuna Nagar Dharamsala Hamirpur Himachal Pradesh - Other Kullu Manali Mandi Shimla Sirmour Solan Una Gulmarg Jammu Jammu & Kashmir - Other Ladakh Leh Pahalgam Srinagar Bokaro Steel City Dhanbad Hazaribagh Jamshedpur Jharkhand - Other Ramgarh Ranchi Bangalore Belgaum Bidar Bijapur Chikballpura Chitradurga Coorg Davangere Dharwad Doballapura Gulbarga Hampi Hassan Hoskote Hubli Karnataka - Other Mangalore Manipal Mysore Raichur Shimoga Tumkur Udupi Alleppey Amritapuri Calicut Ernakulum Idukki Kannur Kasargode Kerala - Other Kochi Kollam Kottayam Kovalam Kozhikode Kumarakom Munnar Palakkad Pathanamthitta Thekkady Thiruvananthapuram Thrissur Trivandrum Wayanad Lakshadweep Bhopal Dewas Gwalior Indore Jabalpur Khajuraho Madhya Pradesh - Other Orchha Sagar Singrauli Ujjain Ahmednagar Akola Amravati Aurangabad Baramati Chandrapur Dhule Jalgaon Kolhapur Latur Maharashtra - Other Mumbai Nagpur Nanded Nashik Navi Mumbai Parbhani Pune Raigad Raigarh Pen Ratnagiri Sangli Satara Shirpur Solapur Thane Ulhasnagar Wardha Yavatmal Imphal Manipur - Other Meghalaya - Other Shillong Aizawl Mizoram - Other Kohima Nagaland - Other Angul Bhubaneswar Brahmapur Cuttack Ganjam Jajpur Konark Orissa - Other Puri Rourkela Sambalpur Pondicherry Amritsar Bathinda Faridkot Ferozpur Hoshiarpur Jalandhar Ludhiana Moga Mohali Muktsar Nangal Nawanshahar Patiala Phagwara Punjab - Other Ropar Ajmer Alwar Bharatpur Bhilwara Bhiwadi Bikaner Bundi Jaipur Jaisalmer Jhunjhunu Jodhpur Kota Neemrana Pilani Rajasthan - Other Ranakpur Shekhawati Sikar Sriganaganagar Udaipur Gangtok Sikkim - Other Chennai Coimbatore Dharmapuri Erode Hosur Kanchipuram Kanyakumari Karaikudi Karur Kodaikanal Madurai Nagercoil Namakkal Neyveli Ooty Rameshwaram Salem Tamil Nadu - Other Thanjavur Tiruchirappalli Tirunelveli Vellore Virudhunagar Hyderabad Karimnagar Khammam Medak Nalgonda Nizamabad Ranga Reddy Secunderabad Telangana-Other Warangal Agartala Tripura - Other Agra Aligarh Allahabad Baghpat Bareilly Bulandshahr Dadri Ghaziabad Ghazipur Gorakhpur Greater Noida Hapur Jaunpur Jhansi Kanpur Lucknow Mathura Meerut Modinagar Moradabad Muzaffarnagar Noida Saharanpur Uttar Pradesh - Other Varanasi Dehradun Haldwani Haridwar Nainital Rishikesh Roorkee Rudrapur Uttarakhand - Other Asansol Bardhaman Darjeeling District 24 Parganas Durgapur Haldia Howrah Kalyani Kharagpur Kolkata Malda Midnapore Murshidabad Naihati Serampore Siliguri West Bengal - Other Select Area Preference 2: Select City Array Select Area Preference 3: Select City Array Select Area Preference 4: Select City Array Select Area + Add another preference Graduation Completion Year 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 XII Completion Year 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 ? E-Brochure successfully mailed. Like us on Facebook 1 2 3 4 Compare Remove All Compare Student Helpline Number : 011-40469620 Timings : 9:30 AM - 6:30 PM, MON - FRI Shiksha About Us Management Team Careers Corporate Blog Shiksha Authors Colleges Client login Advertise with us Add Colleges Contact Us Others FAQs Feedback Grievances Notices / Summons Privacy Sitemap Terms & Conditions Our Group Infoedge.in Naukri.com Firstnaukri.com Naukrigulf.com 99acres.com Jeevansathi.com MBA : MBA Home Top MBA Colleges MBA Colleges Executive MBA Colleges MBA Exams Engineering : Engineering Home Top Engineering Colleges Engineering Colleges Engineering Exams Other Courses : Animation B Com B Sc BBA CA Fashion & Textile Design Hotel Management Law Mass Communication MBBS MCA M.Tech BCA Pharmacy M Sc Study Abroad : Study Abroad Home BTech abroad MBA abroad MS abroad Resources : Careers after 12th Ask a Question Discussions Write a college review Articles Shiksha Ask & Answer App Our Partners : Zomato.com Policybazaar.com Meritnation.com Mydala.com HappilyUnmarried.com Canvera.com Trade Marks belong to the respective owners. Copyright © 2016 Info edge India Ltd. All rights reserved. "
  Strategy4Gmat – How to prepare for the ISB PGP interview Email: info@strategy4gmat.com Start Your Free Trial Home Services Plans Blog Team Client Speak Resources FAQs Contact us How to prepare for the ISB PGP interview Home Blog ISB admissions How to prepare for the ISB PGP interview Previous Next How to prepare for the ISB PGP interview Ok! You have secured an interview call based on your stellar essays and application. Congratulations! Now is the time to prepare for the D-day and get ready to translate the words in your application to a conversation with the interviewer. Here are a few tips on how to prepare for the interview (we will have another blog on ‘Do’s and Don’ts during the interview’ later) Know your application inside-out : Remember to expect a question on any aspect of your application. From details around your interests: cricket, stamp collection, etc. to one of the big-bang projects you delivered, the interviewers can ask anything. Hence, make sure you have examples for all your accomplishments and skills handy and well thought-out. Communication Skills : One of the more important aspects of your candidature is how you put your thoughts across. The interviewers look for clarity of thought, articulation, listening skills, etc in the interview. These things can be enhanced to a certain degree within the limited time you have for preparation so it is important to start working on them NOW. For instance, as part of your daily conversations with colleagues / friends on various topics, observe and try to improve on the aspects outlined above. Structure and not ‘rehearse’ answers: You would have a list of FAQs for the interview and prepare answers for those. However, make sure you do not ‘rehearse’ the exact answers you’d give because it would come across as if you have mugged-up those from the material available online. Instead, structure and note down key pointers you’d cover for each answer and during the interview, present them in the same sequence. This would show clarity in your thoughts and articulation. Why MBA: This will be a sure-shot question in the interview so make sure you exactly know why you want an MBA and what it would do for you. There is no right answer to this, but high-level statements such as ‘I want to become a leader, learn management, etc’ won’t work. An MBA doesn’t make you a leader but it’s one of the tools which allows you to apply yourself and become what you want to What after ISB: In our experience, most of the candidates falter in this question because they don’t think it through. Although it’s good to know which sector or what job you want to take, you should also know HOW ISB would help you get there. In addition, be prepared for a ‘what if it doesn’t go as planned’ question. Ensure you have a ‘plan B’ which still makes ISB the best fit for you Of course, you need to be yourself and honest during the interview. It is the basic thing all alums did! Let us help you prepare for your interview. Subscribe to our services at http://strategy4gmat.com/isb-admissions/ . By Strategy4Gmat Team | 2016-06-16T16:15:32+00:00 June 16th, 2016 | Blog , ISB admissions | 0 Comments Share This Story, Choose Your Platform! About the Author: Strategy4Gmat Team Leave A Comment Cancel reply Recent Posts How to answer the “Why ISB” in your ISB application How we helped Megha improve from 640 to 760 How to answer the “Why You” in your ISB application 5 Common Mistakes ISB Applicants make How to prepare for the ISB PGP interview Recent Comments Archives August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 Categories Blog GMAT Strategy ISB admissions Uncategorized Start Your Free Trial Get started on your journey to a successful career in management. Start your free trial NOW! Start Your Free Trial Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn or Google+ Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Connect to us on Linkedin Connect to us on Google+ © Copyright 2016 strategy4gmat.com All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Website Terms of Use | Cancellation & Refunds "
  Indian School of Business FPM Admission 2016 | ISB Hyderabad 2016 PGP Admission | ISB Hyderabad 2016 PGPMAX Eligibility Home Question Bank CD Engineering Entrance Exam Question Bank CD Medical Entrance Exam Question Bank CD Engg / Med Entrance Exam Question Bank CD MBA Entrance Exam Question Bank CD MCA Entrance Exam Question Bank CD Law Entrance Exam Question Bank CD CPT Entrance Exam Question Bank CD NIFT Entrance Exam Question Bank CD JNVST Entrance Exam Question Bank CD General Knowledge Question Bank CD CDS Entrance Exam Question Bank CD SSB Question Bank CD NDA NA Entrance Exam Question Bank CD Sainik School Entrance Question Bank CD Entrance Exam Common Entrance Exam Engineering Entrance Exam Law Entrance Exams MBA Entrance Exam MCA Entrance Exam Medical Entrance Exam NIFT Entrance Exam Hotel Management Entrance CA CPT Entrance Exam Sainik School Entrance Exam UGC National Eligibility Test NET CSIR National Eligibility Test JNVST Entrance Exam Scholarships Career Course News Admission General Knowledge Exams Date « IHTTI School of Hotel Management Admission 2011 St. Mary’s School Admission 2011 » Admission Notification : Indian School of Business – ISB Hyderabad Admission 2016 Indian School of Business – ISB Hyderabad Admission 2016 ADVERTISEMENT Indian School of Business – ISB Hyderabad Admission 2016 ISB PGP Admission PGP Admissions Office : Indian School of Business Gachibowli, Hyderabad – 500 032, Phone No. : + 91 40 2318 7474, Tollfree number : 1800 103 3234, Fax : + 91 40 2300 7099, Email : PGP@isb.edu , Website : www.isb.edu . Indian School of Business, Hyderabad invites application for admission to One – Year Post Graduate Program in Management session 2016 – 2017. ISB Hyderabad PGP Admission Eligibility 2016 : A Bachelor’s degree in any discipline. Preferably two years of full-time work experience after graduation. Exceptional candidates, with less work experience, will be considered for deferred admission. GMAT score. TOEFL / IELTS / PTE score, only if language of instruction during undergraduate education was not English. Interview : The completed application will be reviewed by the Admissions Office and applicants shortlisted for an interview. Applicants from overseas location will be interviewed over telephone / Skype VC, if shortlisted. ISB Hyderabad PGP Admission Application Form 2016 : PGP Online application form available on Indian School of Business website : www.isb.edu . The application fee to apply for the programme is INR 3,371 {(INR 3,000 + Service Tax of INR 371) (approximately USD 50)}. The fee needs to remitted only at the time of submitting an application through a credit card or internet banking. Debit Card will not be accepted. Transcripts / Mark Sheets : You will be required to submit scanned PDFs of your mark sheets or Transcripts, only upon receiving a communication on short – listing status of your application. The interview mail will provide a link for you to upload the scanned copies. If you applied for PGP 2015 – 2016 and are currently planning to apply for 2016 – 2017, there will be no need for you to submit your mark sheets or transcripts again. Important Dates for ISB Hyderabad PGP Admission 2016 : SI.No. Events Cycle - 1 Cycle - 2 Domestic 1. Application Deadline 15th October, 2015 23:59:59 Hrs ( Indian Time ) 15th January, 2016 23:59:59 Hrs ( Indian Time ) 2. Offer Date On or before 15th December, 2015 On or before 5th March, 2016 3. Acceptance Date 15 days from the date of offer 15 days from the date of offer International 4. Application Deadline 15th January, 2016 ISB FPM Admission 2016 Indian School of Business, Hyderabad invites application for admission to Fellow Program in Management ( FPM ) admission for the session September, 2016. ISB FPM Admission Eligibility 2016 The common denominators are superior academic credentials and a consistent display of intellectual prowess. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are essential. To be eligible, candidates must hold a university degree from an accredited academic institution. Applicants typically should have an undergraduate/postgraduate degree in areas such as business, economics, engineering, computer sciences, mathematics, physics or the arts. Irrespective of the field of study, applicants must possess a strong academic record and display creativity, self-motivation and ingenuity in their prior academic and work experience. Moreover, applicants must have a strong interest in pursuing a research and teaching career in academia. Above all, candidates need to possess both the ability to engage in high quality research and the commitment to be an academician at an international level. Candidates will be assessed on the basis of outstanding intellectual ability, motivation, faculty recommendations and personal characteristics required for an international academic career. There is no particular requirement concerning fields of study at the undergraduate level, but standard postgraduate entry tests (GMAT / GRE / CAT / GATE / JRF) will be used to assess general ability and, if necessary, proficiency in English. Test Requirements : All applicants are required to take one of the following tests before submitting their application. Applications will not be considered without a valid test score. Graduate Record Examination General Test (GRE) administered by the Educational Testing Service (ETS), Princeton, USA OR Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) administered by Pearson VUE, Bloomington, USA OR Common Admission Test (CAT) / GATE / JRF How to Apply for ISB FPM Admission 2016 All applications should be submitted online at www.isb.edu/fpm . A complete application must include : Photograph Statement of Purpose Certified copies of all university degrees/diplomas Official transcripts of grades A valid GMAT / GRE / CAT / GATE / JRF score report TOEFL score report (for applicants whose language of instruction at the undergraduate level is not English) Three letters of recommendation from faculty or scholars on the applicant’s academic ability and potential for research and teaching Application fee : INR 3,000 (to be paid as per the guidelines in the online form) ISB FPM Admission Important Dates 2016 ISM FPM Application Opens : 07th September, 2015 ISM FPM Application Closes : 04th January, 2016 ISM FPM Admission Announcement : 04th April, 2016 Orientation & Registration to FPM : Mid of August, 2016 ISB PGPMAX Admission PGPMAX Admissions Office : Indian School of Business Gachibowli, Hyderabad – 500 032, Phone No. : + 91 40 2318 7474, Tollfree number : 1800 103 3234, Fax : + 91 40 2300 7099, Email : PGP@isb.edu , Website : www.isb.edu . Indian School of Business, Hyderabad invites application for admission to Post Graduate Programme in Management for Senior Executives ( PGPMAX ) session 2014 – 2015. ISB Hyderabad PGPMX Admission 2014 Eligibility To be eligible to apply for the programme the following criteria need to be fulfilled : Bachelor’s Degree : The applicant should have a bachelor’s degree or an equivalent qualification in any discipline. An equivalent qualification will be determined by the admission Committee of the programme and will include the likes of CA, ICWA, etc. Work Experience : The applicant should possess a minimum of 10 years of full – time work experience as on date of submitting the application ( desired experience is closer to 15 or more years ). Notes : i. Letter of consent from the current employer is required for the candidate to pursue the programme. This can be submitted either during the application process or once admission has been secured. ii. TOEFL / IELTS scores will be required from international participants for whom the language of instruction during undergraduate education was not English. GMAT is not required but applicants are encouraged to submit their scores if they have taken GMAT. ISB PGPMAX Admission 2014 Application Form The online application is available on the PGPMAX Website : http://www.isb.edu/ . The programme office accepts only online applications and no printed applications are available. The following documents are required to be uploaded along with the online application : Colour photograph Copy of Passport Bachelor’s degree marksheets / transcripts ( for all semesters/years ) Bachelor’s Degree Certificate Marksheets / transcripts and certificates for additional education ( if applicable ) Proof of income Employer Support Business card Two evaluations from current / previous supervisors in the prescribed format available on the application portal GMAT, TOEFL / IELTS scores ( if applicable ) ISB PGPMAX Admission 2014 Selection Procedure The PGPMAX office and the admission committed evaluate each applicant on several criteria to ensure that the participants selected for the programme are well – rounded individuals. Each component of the application and the interview is important and the selection of the participants for the programme will be made considering a combination of many factors including : Quantity and quality of work experience e.g. significant responsibility, experience of managing personnel and budgets, etc. Evidence of professional success Strong communication skills Likelihood of benefiting from the programme Business leadership potential, track – record, traits, attitude / mindset, etc. Motivation to participate in the programme Undergraduate degree performance Performance in the interview TOEFL / IELTS score ( if applicable ) ISB PGPMAX 2014 Admission Schedule ISB PGPMAX Admissions start 1st September, 2013 Application Deadline ( Round 1 ) 15th November, 2013 Application Deadline ( Round 2 ) 15th January, 2014 Results Announcement ( Round 1 ) 30th January, 2014* Results Announcement ( Round 2 ) 15th March, 2014* TAGS: Admission Alerts , ISB Hyderabad , ISB Hyderabad Admissions , ISB Hyderabad Interview Dates , ISB Hyderabad PGP Duration , ISB Hyderabad PGP Fees , ISB Hyderabad PGPMAX Apply Online , ISB PGP Admission Dates Tweet Indian School of Business Hyderabad Post Graduate Program in Management 2016 – ISB Hyderabad PGPMAX Admission Eligibility 2016 – ISB Hyderabad PGP Admission Application Form 2016 – Important Dates for ISB Hyderabad PGPMAX Admission 2016 Admission Notification Related : ISB PGP Eligibility , ISB FPM Admission 2016, ISB FPM Admission Notification 2016 , Indian School of Business – ISB Hyderabad Admission 2016, ISB 2016 PGPMAX Admissions , ISB PGPMAX 2016 Admission Schedule, ISB FPM 2016 Application , ISB FPM Application Deadlines 2016, ISB Postgraduate Program in Management , ISB Hyderabad PGPMAX Admission 2016 Eligibility, Postgraduate Program Admission 2016 in ISB Hyderabad , ISB Hyderabad PGP Admission 2016 Selection Procedure, PGP Admission in ISB Hyderabad 2016 , ISB PGP Admission Online Application Form 2016, ISB PGPMAX 2016 Admission Last Date , ISB PGP Submission of Admission Application 2016, ISB PGPMAX 2016 Admission Procedure , How to get PGP Application 2016 in ISB, ISB PGP Admission Qualification 2016 , ISB PGP Admission Application Fee 2016, ISB PGPMAX 2016 Online Forms , How to Apply PGP Admission in ISB Hyderabad, ISB Hyderabad FPM Prospectus 2016 , PGP Application Form 2016 in ISB Hyderabad, Latest Admission News , MBA Admission 2016, Admission Alerts , Latest Admission Updation, Admission Details , Current Admission Notification, Posted In admission notification : Leave a response for indian school of business – isb hyderabad admission 2016 by swathi Leave a Comment for Indian School of Business – ISB Hyderabad Admission 2016 Tweets by eduscholarships Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Location (eg: City, State) (required) Mobile Number(required) No Responses to “Indian School of Business – ISB Hyderabad Admission 2016” Are the PGPMAX results announced for 2016-2016? By Akila from Bangalore on March 16, 2016 at 3:11 pm Home | Disclaimer | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Advertise with Us | Copyright © 2000-2016 Winentrance.com Follow @winentrance Genuine Infotech Private Limited ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company "
  Worked at Samsung Before Joining ISB PGP PROGRAM - MBA admission consultants MBA admission consultants www.mbadream.in To set up your free initial consultation call: 9560359123 Menu Home WHY MBADREAM SERVICES FREE CONSULTATION MBA DREAM STUDENT Testimonials Review of ISB: Indian School of Business Scholarships Latest Scholarships REVIEWERS BLOG Contact Worked at Samsung Before Joining ISB PGP PROGRAM Posted on June 15, 2016 by mbadream Why MBAdream.in At MBA Dream We have Best MBA Admissions Consultants who believe that more than GMAT scores, it is a good admission strategy that separates the winners from the rest. Which is why, when you enroll with MBADREAM, you don’t just get the advantage of one admission counselor, you get an entire TEAM of experts that take care of every aspect of your B-school Admissions. The Road to Victory There are a lot of B-schools out there. Some that you want and some that desperately want you. Which program is right for you? Don’t worry, we’ll help you shortlist schools through a comprehensive C&C Matrix (Curriculum and Cost). Experience Success At MBA DREAM we have a panel of Admission experts ( Best Admission Consultants for Top B School ) who show the way through their OWN experiences. Our experts are MBAs who have been through all the admission hassles that you will face, and therefore can tell you the “insider” tips to acing admissions. Scripting your Dream Our essay editors have been handpicked from leading media houses and publications. Master wordsmiths who help you with eye-catching essay content that will get your application all the attention it needs. B-School and Beyond “I’ve done my MBA, now what?” Most students from foreign B-schools have this question these days. Let’s face it, if you’re paying a hefty fee for your MBA, you’d better compensate with a hefty salary. But job search these days isn’t so easy. Correction. It’s easy with MBA Dream, because we have experienced alumni who will show you the quickest way to landing a job AFTER your school. MBA DREAM Reviews and Testimonials Antra Chowdhary Admitted to UNC KF MBA with Full scholarship “”When I scored a 760 on GMAT, I was on the top of the world and I was very confident of getting admission into one of the top business schools in the US. However, the more I learnt about the admissions process the less confident I started to feel about my chances of success. That’s when I heard about MBAdreams, which was recommended to me by my college seniors. My experience of working on the applications with Rahul has been phenomenal. The confidence he showed in my profile made me believe that even apart from the score I have a lot to present to the admissions committee that might make them interested in my application. He constantly motivated me and helped me come up with very strong and impressive essays and he made the application process smooth and stress-free. Thanks to the mock interviews with Rahul, I felt extremely confident at the interviews and I was able to put my best foot forward. Today, I have a full tuition fellowship from UNC Kenan Flagler Business School under my belt and it was only made possible by the excellent mentor I found in Rahul.Special thanks to Rahul and MBAdreams (it has been aptly named so) Antra Chowdhary Admitted to UNC KF MBA with Full scholarship —————————————————————————————————————————————– Kartikeya Kaul Admitted to UCLA MBA I came to know about MBA Dreams from a friend. On the very first interaction with Rahul I felt very comfortable and knew that he was the right person to help on my applications. Rahul, and his team worked tirelessly to polish my essays and helped to highlight key areas of my profile. Because of their effort I will be going to UCLA Anderson this fall!!”” Kartikeya Kaul – GRADUATE OF DCE Admitted to UCLA MBA ————————————————————————————————————————————- “”Working with Rahul was easy, he is extremely approachable and constantly motivates. I wanted to look at 1 year programs and I made it to Cornell MBA”” Angshuman Rudra Cornell MBA Class of 2015 —————————————————————————————————————————————– Saaim Khan – Ross MBA class of 2016 Sirjee (as I love to call Rahul) has been a pillar of support during this strenuous and long journey called the MBA Admission process !!!.. He was a mentor, friend and critic who made sure that all my essays, resume and application material was in its best form.A thorough professional and some ones who genuinely wants you to win. Thanks a lot Sirjee for all the help and it surely wouldn’t have been possible without you”” Saaim Khan – Ross MBA class of 2016 ————————————————————————————————————————————— “”My senior from IIT BHU introduced me to Rahul, who guided me through the process of applications. My admits include $ 80,000 scholarship from UNC and $ 80,000 from Georgetown MBA”” Mitesh UNC KF MBA Class of 2016 Admitted with $80,000 scholarship —————————————————————————————————————————————- Shekhar Tripathi NUS MBA “”NUS was one school on top of my preference list. And getting through has been a dream come true. The MBA Dream team not only knows how to position your profile but is also a constant source of motivation. Rahul holds your hand every step of the way and offers the best guidance. He has shown me the meaning of “never giving up” even when the times are bad and he was involved in continuously improving my profile for b-schools. I am very thankful to Rahul for helping me get through NUS Business School. It was truly a blessing that we met and worked together. Go MBADream!!!”” Shekhar Tripathi NUS MBA ————————————————————————————————————————————— “”I was referred to Rahul by a friend of mine. After graduating from IIT Roorkee, I worked with a power sector company before I embarked on my MBAdream. Working with Rahul I achieved 100% scholarship from Vanderbilt and 50,000 dollars from UNC KF MBA”” Ajay Raghunandan UNC KF class of 2016 Admitted with $50,000 scholarship ————————————————————————————————————————————- Sonal Singhal Admitted to Emory MBA with $ 60,000 Scholarship “”When I started with my international MBA journey, I knew I needed a mentor to guide me to the unknowns and tips and tricks of the trade. I consulted Rahul when I was nearly prepared to for an average MBA institution – but it was with his assistance that I raised the bar for my target schools. Rahul brought with him a complete package – right strategy for MBA, creativity in editing and resourcefulness to connect me to the right people. And the results are much better than I envisioned – 100% interview invitation and huge scholarships from top schools! Each school and each student profile is different – and Rahul’s team strikes the right chord to make your “MBA dream” come true! Truly deserved name to a remarkable group!”” Sonal Singhal Admitted to Emory MBA with $ 60,000 Scholarship —————————————————————————————————————————————– Nidhi Goyal ISB Class of 2015 “”Rahul has been a great mentor not only when it came to writing B-school applications but also during interview preparation phase. He was able to guide me throughout my application process starting from selecting correct combination of B-school, estimating timelines, drawing out plan, reviewing essays, providing timely feedback and making sure that I am happy with the application before submitting it. He was always available whenever I had any queries regarding my applications and provided invaluable feedback from his professional and personal experience. I can proudly say that I owe part of my successful admit in ISB to Rahul. Thanks MBAdream for helping me realize my dream!!”” Nidhi Goyal ISB Class of 2015 ————————————————————————————————————————————— Srinivasan Venkatesh Admitted to Kelley MBA with $ 40,000 in scholarship “”The path to a world class MBA is strewn with multiple obstacles. The GMAT is only the beginning. Like any other applicant with an IT profile, I wondered if I stood any chance at some of the best B-schools in the US . One day while browsing through various posts on GmatClub , I can across “ mbadream ” and that set into motion a very fruitful working relationship with Rahul. The best part about Rahul is that he exactly understands how your story needs to be positioned for it to stand out amongst the competitive Indian pool of applicants and he exactly knows what the admissions committee is looking for. Every time I needed his help he was just an email or whatsapp message away . Also his focus is just not about helping you secure an admit but also ensuring that you are in with a sizable scholarship. Having received mutiple admits with handsome scholarships, I can confidently vouch for Rahul and his team at MBADream .”” Srinivasan Venkatesh Admitted to Kelley MBA with $ 40,000 in scholarship ————————————————————————————————————————————– Milan ISB-Class of 2015 IIT Roorkee With Rahul, journey from taking GMAT to getting B-school admit has been really smooth. His guidance and experience gave me confidence and courage in my journey of getting an admit to ISB. The profile evaluation, essay reviews and the involvement with the application are what stands out about Rahul. I will be part of ISB-Class of 2015 and this could be possible majorly due to Rahul’s mentor-ship. As I write, I have another 4 interviews lined up for US top B-schools. So, I can happily say that associating myself with the Team at MBADreams worked wonders for me. Thanks Rahul and Team! “” Milan ISB-Class of 2015 IIT Roorkee I came to know about Mbadream.in through my research over the internet. Subsequently I read testimonials about Rahul Arora on the website and also got feedback about him from his previous clients. I second their unanimous opinion that Rahul is a very humble guy who works hard with you to build your profile. He delivers the essays on time and also maintains their quality. He builds a rapport with his clients and tries to understand every aspect of their profile so that together they can build a very strong application. Thanks to his help I was able to get an admit from ISB Class of 2016. Google+ Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. MBA Admission Consultants Reviews Why MBAdream.in At MBA Dream We have Best MBA Admissions Consultants who believe that mor... Top B schools use the MBA Dream platform to connect with Applicants View All Recent Posts Worked at Samsung Before Joining ISB PGP PROGRAM Admitted to Simon MBA with 50% Scholarship Working with from MBAdream Admissions Consultants Best MBA Admissions Consultants in Bangalore ISB MBA Admission MBA Admission Jimit Rokadia Apoorva -Kelley School of Business Georgetown MBA Kelley School of Business MBA Admission Consultants Reviews Contact for free consultation Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Phone No. Your Message Free WordPress Theme | AccessPress Lite Copyright © 2016 MBA admission consultants "
  PGP in India: IIMA/ISB/IIMB | FIND MBA Browse Business Schools MBA Basics MBA Rankings Top 10 Lists MBA Discussions My Schools Login Advanced MBA Search MBA Programs Worldwide Login Advanced MBA Search Browse Business Schools MBA Basics MBA Rankings Top 10 Lists MBA Discussions My Schools Home MBA Discussions Asia PGP in India: IIMA/ISB/IIM... MBA Discussions PGP in India: IIMA/ISB/IIMB Emilia2517 0 3 Posted Jul 28, 2014 12:23 0 I would like to do a PGP or MBA program in India in 2015. I am only considering the business schools ranked in the Financial Times, so ISB, IIMA and IIMB. Of these which will provide the best value in the long term? Obviously IIMA is the traditional choice, but I feel like the other two are on the rise, in terms of reputation. About me: I am an Indian female who has been working abroad in technology operations for the past three years: one year in London and most recently two years in Singapore. (I have 4.5 years of total work experience.) I would like to transition back in India, into a management level role. I would like to do a PGP or MBA program in India in 2015. I am only considering the business schools ranked in the Financial Times, so ISB, IIMA and IIMB. Of these which will provide the best value in the long term? Obviously IIMA is the traditional choice, but I feel like the other two are on the rise, in terms of reputation. About me: I am an Indian female who has been working abroad in technology operations for the past three years: one year in London and most recently two years in Singapore. (I have 4.5 years of total work experience.) I would like to transition back in India, into a management level role. quote Emilia2517 0 3 Posted Aug 07, 2014 03:21 0 Any body have an idea? Any body have an idea? quote ezra 165 770 Posted Aug 08, 2014 01:03 0 Do you have a sector preference? Of course you're probably aware that IIMA is the most competitive of them, but grads tend to have higher salaries too. If you can get in there it's probably a good decision, in any case. However, what I find interesting about ISB is the diversity of post-MBA career paths. All three schools place well in IT, that's a given, given the country's economy, but ISB also is strong in consulting and financial services as well. Do you have a sector preference? Of course you're probably aware that IIMA is the most competitive of them, but grads tend to have higher salaries too. If you can get in there it's probably a good decision, in any case. However, what I find interesting about ISB is the diversity of post-MBA career paths. All three schools place well in IT, that's a given, given the country's economy, but ISB also is strong in consulting and financial services as well. quote saroo 0 100 Posted Aug 10, 2014 12:39 0 Any body have an idea? the question is not which one you like the question whether any of them offer you a place or not because they are very difficult to take admission in these schools becasue of more population in india you know that. apply to all of three if any ot they shortlist you and if you pass admission criteria than go for that. <blockquote>Any body have an idea?</blockquote> the question is not which one you like the question whether any of them offer you a place or not because they are very difficult to take admission in these schools becasue of more population in india you know that. apply to all of three if any ot they shortlist you and if you pass admission criteria than go for that. quote Emilia2517 0 3 Posted Aug 11, 2014 02:51 0 I see. ezra, I would like to go into technology consulting. It sounds like ISB might be a good choice? I see. ezra, I would like to go into technology consulting. It sounds like ISB might be a good choice? quote ezra 165 770 Posted Aug 12, 2014 04:23 0 I think that any of these three would probably be a good choice: in past years, IIMA has placed 15-25 percent of PGPX grads into consulting roles, which is on par with ISB. I urge you to connect with each school and ask them these kinds of questions; you can also connect with alumni to get a sense of their career arcs, and to see if they have any tips for you. I think that any of these three would probably be a good choice: in past years, IIMA has placed 15-25 percent of PGPX grads into consulting roles, which is on par with ISB. I urge you to connect with each school and ask them these kinds of questions; you can also connect with alumni to get a sense of their career arcs, and to see if they have any tips for you. quote badux 70 244 Posted Aug 19, 2014 03:55 0 1. IIM A 2. ISB And then the others. IIM B only recently got into the FT, I would give it a few years to see where it goes. 1. IIM A 2. ISB And then the others. IIM B only recently got into the FT, I would give it a few years to see where it goes. quote AdmitPitch 0 1 Posted Aug 19, 2014 05:35 0 Hi, With your kind of experience, ISB can offer you a better career deal. Designed especially for the professionals with over 2.5 years experience, the one-year intensive course boosts your profile stream. That means, it supplements your existing experience. You also enjoy the advantage in the view of your technology sector background. Consulting and IT are the top two industries absorbing the ISB graduates. The campus placement offers profiles suited to a professional with at least 2.5 years work experience. Having said that, IIM needs no introduction. The 2-years extensive course is designed for the candidates with 0-2.5 years work experience. The career opportunities are tailored accordingly. Therefore, while you may try for all 3, ISB should be your prime target. Hi, With your kind of experience, ISB can offer you a better career deal. Designed especially for the professionals with over 2.5 years experience, the one-year intensive course boosts your profile stream. That means, it supplements your existing experience. You also enjoy the advantage in the view of your technology sector background. Consulting and IT are the top two industries absorbing the ISB graduates. The campus placement offers profiles suited to a professional with at least 2.5 years work experience. Having said that, IIM needs no introduction. The 2-years extensive course is designed for the candidates with 0-2.5 years work experience. The career opportunities are tailored accordingly. Therefore, while you may try for all 3, ISB should be your prime target. quote Reply to Post Reply to Post Save Cancel Tags for this discussion Application Schools mentioned ISB IIM-A IIM-B Upcoming MBA Application Deadlines for Spring 2017 Read News Related Articles What’s Next for India’s Business Schools? Related Top Lists Top 10 Accredited Business Schools in India Hot Discussions Private Equity/Asset Management: Columbia, Wharton etc.? Oct 03 2016 12 MBA in Egypt Sep 21 2016 7 Australia MBA Ranking? 1 hour ago 6 I want to do Freshers MBA Oct 11 2016 6 Help findind the right online MBA Oct 14 2016 5 Diploma in management Oct 18 2016 5 MBA in Canada for newly Landed Immigrant Oct 14 2016 5 Looking for MBA in USA. Oct 07 2016 5 Topics General Forum GMAT USA Canada / Latin America UK / Ireland Europe Africa / Middle East Asia Australia / New Zealand Distance Learning Tags Education Visa Issues Internships/Consulting Projects Family Business Government/Public Sector Management Healthcare/Pharma/Biotech Marketing GPA Tourism/Hospitality/Leisure Supply Chain Finance Retail & Consumer Goods One-Year MBA TOEFL/IELTS Human Resources (HR) Recently Active Users MBA_SHW 0 3 TLoubledMind 0 1 QASIMKHAN 0 2 joho1999 0 1 About us Submit MBA Program Advertise Contact us Privacy Term of Use Cookie Policy Featured MBA Programs LLM Programs Executive Programs Login My Account Board MBA News Articles Facebook Twitter Google+ FIND MBA 2001–2016 Pritzwalks – FIND MBA – Master of Business Administration (MBA) Programs Worldwide This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By continuing to use, you agree to the terms found in our Cookie Policy . Accept "
  ISB Essay Questions for PGP 2015-2016 Navegar Navegar Intereses Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Fiction & Literature Politics & Economy Health & Wellness Society & Culture Happiness & Self-Help Mystery, Thriller & Crime History Young Adult Navegar por Libros Audio libros Cómics Partituras Explorar todo Subir Iniciar sesión Registrarse Libros Audio libros Cómics Partituras ISB Essay Questions for PGP 2015-2016 Indian School of Business is one of the t op MBA bus iness sch ool in Asia and all over the world and ranked 36 th in Financial Times Global MBA Ranking 2014. Indian School of Business attracts many Indian applicants for ISB Post Graduate Program. ISB PGP is the flagship programme of Indian School of Business. ISB conducts several programs like PGP, YLP, and Executive MBA program etc. About ISB • Average GMA T Score – > 711 • GMA T Range -> 680 – 750 • Class Size -> 774 (Hyderabad: 556 and Mohali: 218) • Average Work Experi ence -> 60 Months • Applicant Deadlines -> R1 : 15-Sep-2014 R2 : 30-Nov-2014 • Decision Dates -> R1 : 15-Nov-2014 R2 : 15-Feb-2014 • Length of Program -> 12 Months ISB Eligibility and Informa tion Acerca de Buscar libros Directorio del sitio Acerca de Scribd Conoce al equipo Nuestro blog ¡Únase a nuestro equipo! Contáctenos Asociados de negocios Editores Desarrolladores / API Legal Términos Privacidad Copyright Asistencia Ayuda Preguntas frecuentes Accesibilidad Prensa Ayuda de compra AdChoices Suscripciones Regístrese hoy Invitar amigos Obsequios Copyright © 2016 Scribd Inc. . Términos de servicio . Accesibilidad . Privacidad . Sitio móvil . Idioma del sitio: English ?? Español ??????? Português ??? Deutsch Français Turkce ??????? ???? Ti?ng vi?t J?zyk polski Bahasa indonesia ISB Essay Questions for PGP 2015-2016 por Vanessa Clemens 33 visita Insertar Related interests Processes , Essay , Master Of Business Administration , Business School Descarga Descripción: View ISB Essays for PGP 2015- 2016 Session. Essay Details and Topics for ISB Applicants General Education provides sample essays and tips for ISB Application Essays. View ISB Essays for PGP 2015- 2016 Session. Essay Details and Topics for ISB Applicants General Education provides sample essays and tips for ISB Application Essays. Leer en Scribd móvil: iPhone , iPad y Android . Copyright: © All Rights Reserved Download as PDF, TXT or read online from Scribd Flag for inappropriate content Mostrar más Mostrar menos Documents similar to ISB Essay Questions for PGP 2015-2016 All Essay for mba 2016 por srujan The Precision Essay - MBA Guide - Preview por attilasagi MBA essay Questions por Bilal Books similar to ISB Essay Questions for PGP 2015-2016 LARB Digital Edition: Humanities por Sarah Mesle 65 Successful Harvard Business School Application Essays, Second Edition: With Analysis by the Staff of The Harbus, the Harvard Business School Newspaper por Lauren Sullivan 160 TOEFL iBT Independent Writing Task: Model Tests por James Bryant, Sr Books about Processes High-Profit Prospecting: Powerful Strategies to Find the Best Leads and Drive Breakthrough Sales Results por Mark Hunter How Can You Gain With Stocks por Mario V. Farina Property Management por IntroBooks ¿Está seguro? This action might not be possible to undo. Are you sure you want to continue? CANCELAR Aceptar Lo hemos llevado donde lee en su other device . Obtenga el título completo para continuar Obtenga el título completo para seguir escuchando desde donde terminó, o reinicie la previsualización. Reiniciar previsualización scribd "
  10 merit-based full tuition waiver for pgp 2015-16 isb - gmat club ????????? psya4 media essays on the great palani thaipusam synonymes du mot essayer au Isb tuition waiver essay : on-line writing service | order custom essay Isb - aiesec waivers, inr. 5 lakh, 3. Merit based, at the discretion of the admission committee. Only for aiesec alumni. Application and essay topic available. As a new initiative to support top talent, the isb has decided to introduce 10 merit-based full tuition fee waivers. This will be applicable to. Isb tuition waiver essay class of 2011 alumni endowment inr. Most of the times they are not here with families and they are very happy to grab a budweiser with. Isb tuition waivers indian school of business isb isb tuition waiver essay, application and essay topic available as a part of the pgp application. Ims will enable you to write a compelling scholarship essay (as applicable) to ensure that. Isb tuition waivers; corporate and alumni endowed scholarships. ogallala river , essays written by college students Isb tuition waivers | indian school of business (isb) a law day winning essays ????????? / world war 1 thesis statement "
  Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 : ISB - Page 7 HOME FORUM GMAT TESTS DEALS REVIEWS ADMISSIONS SCHOOLS CHAT BLOG GMAT Club Rules Find all School-related info fast with the new School-Specific MBA Forum Introducing Premium Membership – Save Money on Prep close 0 0 0 My Profile Logout Settings E-mail & Password Avatar Signature Notification Settings Global Settings Applicant profile My GMAT info My Schools My Education My workspace My Bookmarks My Notes Subscription Feed My Follow Feed Kudos My Workbook Messages and Replies Settings Mark All Read See All Applicant Notifications Settings Mark All Read See All Global notifications Settings Mark All Read See All Forgot password? Register Home Main Forum Active Discussions General GMAT Questions GMAT Quantitative Section GMAT Verbal Section Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience GRE Forum TOEFL All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Attend? Share Your Application Experince Business School Life Ask Admissions Consultants Career Tech Support Forum Highest Kudos Forum Posts Forum GMAT Study Plans GMAT FAQ's in 2 mins or less Best GMAT Courses Best GMAT Tutors GMAT Flashcards List of all Free Trials GMAT Timer How to get 6.0 on AWA GMAT Success Stories GMAT Tools Best GMAT Books Math GMAT Books Verbal GMAT Books Mobile Apps for GMAT Retaking GMAT GMAT GMAT Club Tests Overview of all Free Tests Price Comparision of Paid Tests GMAT Prep Scoring Analysis GMAT Scores GMAT Timing Strategies Forum Question Banks Premium Membership (+ Veritas Prep tests) Tests GMAT Courses Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $470 Economist GMAT Tutor - Save up to $360 Magoosh - Save up to $320 Optimus Prep - Save up to $450 Veritas Prep - Save up to $350 EMPOWERgmat - Save up to $314 GMAT Pill - Save up to $583 Kaplan - Save up to $520 Manhattan GMAT - Save up to $350 Math Revolution - Save up to $680 Private Tutoring Compare All Optimus Prep Veritas Prep Kaplan Manhattan GMAT Math Revolution Admissions Consulting Compare All Amerasia Admissionado Critical Square Mac Approved mbaMission MBA Prep School Square One Prep Stratus Prep Veritas Prep Vantage Point MBA - NEW! Accepted.com ARINGO August Academy EXPARTUS Fortuna Admissions MBA Admit myEssayReview Prep MBA Stacy Blackman Deals All Reviews - 6,100 GMAT Course Reviews - 3,000 GMAT Test Reviews - 300 (new) Admissions Consultant Reviews - 2,000 Business School Reviews - 230 (new) Reviews Courses Tutoring Admissions Consulting Practice Tests Mobile Apps Books Financing Free Stuff Marketplace Live Applicant Tracker Full-time MBA Rankings MBA Deadlines List MBA Timeline All Schools Stats All EMBA Discussions All Part-Time MBA Discussion MBA Guide [PDF] Admitted - Which School to Attend? Full-time MBA Rankings Part-time MBA Rankings Best MBA Books Everything about MBA Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request Admissions Top 20 by # of applicants School Reviews 1. Kellogg (Northwestern) 2. Harvard 3. Wharton (Upenn) 4. CBS (Columbia) 5. Sloan (MIT) 6. Stanford 7. Fuqua (Duke) 8. ISB 9. Haas (Berkeley) 10. INSEAD 11. Booth (Chicago) 12. Ross (Michigan) 13. Anderson (UCLA) 14. Tuck (Dartmouth) 15. Stern (NYU) 16. Yale 17. Darden (Virginia) 18. McCombs (Austin) 19. Tepper (CMU) 20. Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Top 40 School Reviews 21. Johnson (Cornell) 22. LBS 23. Kelley (Indiana) 24. Goizueta (Emory) 25. Rotman (Toronto) 26. NUS (Singapore) 27. McDonough (Georgetown) 28. Marshall (USC) 29. The Consortium 30. IESE 31. Olin (St. Louis) 32. HEC Paris 33. Foster (UW) 34. Judge (Cambridge) 35. IIM (Ahmedabad) 36. Owen (Vanderbilt) 37. IIM (Bangalore) 38. NTU (Nanyang) 39. Jones (Rice) 40. Mays (Texas A&M) Schools Blog GMAT Q of the Day GMAT Integrated Reasoning Quant Data Sufficiency Problem Solving Verbal Critical Reasoning Reading Comprehension Sentence Correction Mobile Books MBA Interviews Applications Bschool Life Career Current Fun Stuff Other Top Stories Blog Chat You are here: GMAT Club Forum Index Business School and MBA Business School Discussions ISB or or or Not a Member? It is currently 19 Oct 2016, 06:17 Search Register GMAT Club Tests New posts Unanswered GMAT Club Daily Prep Thank you for using the timer - this advanced tool can estimate your performance and suggest more practice questions. We have subscribed you to Daily Prep Questions via email. Customized for You we will pick new questions that match your level based on your Timer History Track Your Progress every week, we’ll send you an estimated GMAT score based on your performance Practice Pays we will pick new questions that match your level based on your Timer History Not interested in getting valuable practice questions and articles delivered to your email? No problem, unsubscribe here . Go to My Workbook Learn more × Hello Guest! It appears that you are browsing the GMAT Club forum unregistered! Signing up is free , quick, and confidential. Join other 500,000 members and get the full benefits of GMAT Club Registration gives you: Tests Take 11 tests and quizzes from GMAT Club and leading GMAT prep companies such as Manhattan GMAT, Knewton, and others. All are free for GMAT Club members. Applicant Stats View detailed applicant stats such as GPA, GMAT score, work experience, location, application status, and more Books/Downloads Download thousands of study notes, question collections, GMAT Club’s Grammar and Math books. All are free! and many more benefits! Find us on Facebook Register now! It`s easy! Already registered? Sign in! Username: E-mail address: Password: Confirm password: CREATE AN ACCOUNT Login or E-mail Password: SIGN IN ? GMAT Club Timer Informer Hi GMATClubber! Thank you for using the timer! We noticed you are actually not timing your practice. Click the START button first next time you use the timer. There are many benefits to timing your practice , including: We’ll give you an estimate of your score learn more We’ll provide personalized question recommendations learn more Your score will improve and your results will be more realistic learn more Is there something wrong with our timer? Let us know! Thanks! I'll try it now By Events & Promotions By Events & Promotions in June Open Detailed Calendar CLICK HERE TO HIDE/SHOW EVENTS CLICK HERE TO HIDE/SHOW EVENTS Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 new topic post reply Question banks Downloads My Bookmarks Reviews Important topics Sort by Date Sort by Kudos Search for: Go to page Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 [ 134 posts ] Print view First unread post Author Message Anurodh2017 Said Oxford Thread Master Joined: 31 Jan 2013 Posts: 27 Location: India Schools: Ross '19 (S) , Duke '19 (S) , Darden '19 , McCombs '19 (S) , Tepper '19 , Marshall '19 , Insead Sept '17 (S) , ISB '18 (S) , Goizueta '19 (S) , Simon '19 , Oxford EMBA(Jan)""18 GMAT 1 : 710 Q50 V35 WE: Business Development (Aerospace and Defense) Followers: 1 Kudos [ ? ]: 7 [ 0 ] , given: 11 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 02:30 Anurodh2017 wrote: A bigtime goofup has happened in my application !! I have submitted on 15th 11:55 PM but my application shows ""Submitted on 16th"". What should I do?? They bluntly write that do not call us for any update !! Any comments from the members!! But I have received a mail stating that my application is submitted in the round -1 !! So difficult to understand !!! yahsa Intern Joined: 05 Sep 2015 Posts: 17 Schools: Ross '19 , Yale '19 (S) , Duke '19 GMAT 1 : 740 Q50 V40 Followers: 0 Kudos [ ? ]: 0 [ 0 ] , given: 0 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 02:44 Anurodh2017 wrote: Anurodh2017 wrote: A bigtime goofup has happened in my application !! I have submitted on 15th 11:55 PM but my application shows ""Submitted on 16th"". What should I do?? They bluntly write that do not call us for any update !! Any comments from the members!! But I have received a mail stating that my application is submitted in the round -1 !! So difficult to understand !!! Would be best to mail the adcom! Narenn MBA Section Director Affiliations: GMAT Club Joined: 22 Feb 2012 Posts: 3456 Location: India City: Pune GPA: 3.4 WE: Business Development (Manufacturing) Followers: 365 Kudos [ ? ]: 2640 [ 0 ] , given: 1880 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 03:08 Expert's post 4 invites so far: as per forum stats. Good luck to all! If you get an invite, please update your ISB profile status and post an update here - it will give some stats and insights for others to look into. Add to My Schools Download table Add to My Schools Download table _________________ MBA Rankings | Admission Deadlines | BSchool Adcom Chats | Applicant Status Tracker - Real Time Updates Executive MBA | Part Time MBA | MBA Applicant Blogs | MBA Student Blogs Impact of GMAT Score on Your Admission Chances Special Scholarships and Fellowships Awarded at Top BSchools Best Admissions Consulting Companies Business School Reviews - Real and Verified Global Map of Business Schools Admission Trends at Top Business Schools Over Last 5 Years!! Anurodh2017 Said Oxford Thread Master Joined: 31 Jan 2013 Posts: 27 Location: India Schools: Ross '19 (S) , Duke '19 (S) , Darden '19 , McCombs '19 (S) , Tepper '19 , Marshall '19 , Insead Sept '17 (S) , ISB '18 (S) , Goizueta '19 (S) , Simon '19 , Oxford EMBA(Jan)""18 GMAT 1 : 710 Q50 V35 WE: Business Development (Aerospace and Defense) Followers: 1 Kudos [ ? ]: 7 [ 0 ] , given: 11 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 03:21 Narenn wrote: 4 invites so far: as per forum stats. Good luck to all! If you get an invite, please update your ISB profile status and post an update here - it will give some stats and insights for others to look into. Add to My Schools Download table Add to My Schools Download table Thanks Narenn Anurodh2017 Said Oxford Thread Master Joined: 31 Jan 2013 Posts: 27 Location: India Schools: Ross '19 (S) , Duke '19 (S) , Darden '19 , McCombs '19 (S) , Tepper '19 , Marshall '19 , Insead Sept '17 (S) , ISB '18 (S) , Goizueta '19 (S) , Simon '19 , Oxford EMBA(Jan)""18 GMAT 1 : 710 Q50 V35 WE: Business Development (Aerospace and Defense) Followers: 1 Kudos [ ? ]: 7 [ 0 ] , given: 11 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 04:51 yahsa wrote: Anurodh2017 wrote: Anurodh2017 wrote: A bigtime goofup has happened in my application !! I have submitted on 15th 11:55 PM but my application shows ""Submitted on 16th"". What should I do?? They bluntly write that do not call us for any update !! Any comments from the members!! But I have received a mail stating that my application is submitted in the round -1 !! So difficult to understand !!! Would be best to mail the adcom! """"ISB PGP Online Application Status"""" We are in the process of verifying applications received for the deadline. An email will be forwarded to you as soon as your application is verified for completion. Please note that this could take time (up to 2 weeks). We will not be able to give you an update if you call us or send us an email. Thank you in advance for your patience. P.S.: It is our policy not to answer requests about the status of applications. Application Reference Number: XXXXXXXXXXXXX Name of the Applicant: XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Submitted on: 16-Oct-2016 yahsa Intern Joined: 05 Sep 2015 Posts: 17 Schools: Ross '19 , Yale '19 (S) , Duke '19 GMAT 1 : 740 Q50 V40 Followers: 0 Kudos [ ? ]: 0 [ 0 ] , given: 0 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 05:10 Anurodh2017 wrote: yahsa wrote: Anurodh2017 wrote: [quote=""Anurodh2017""]A bigtime goofup has happened in my application !! I have submitted on 15th 11:55 PM but my application shows ""Submitted on 16th"". What should I do?? They bluntly write that do not call us for any update !! Any comments from the members!! But I have received a mail stating that my application is submitted in the round -1 !! So difficult to understand !!! Would be best to mail the adcom! """"ISB PGP Online Application Status"""" We are in the process of verifying applications received for the deadline. An email will be forwarded to you as soon as your application is verified for completion. Please note that this could take time (up to 2 weeks). We will not be able to give you an update if you call us or send us an email. Thank you in advance for your patience. P.S.: It is our policy not to answer requests about the status of applications. Application Reference Number: XXXXXXXXXXXXX Name of the Applicant: XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Submitted on: 16-Oct-2016 [/quote] Oh. You got this on asking if you're being considered in Round 1? Anurodh2017 Said Oxford Thread Master Joined: 31 Jan 2013 Posts: 27 Location: India Schools: Ross '19 (S) , Duke '19 (S) , Darden '19 , McCombs '19 (S) , Tepper '19 , Marshall '19 , Insead Sept '17 (S) , ISB '18 (S) , Goizueta '19 (S) , Simon '19 , Oxford EMBA(Jan)""18 GMAT 1 : 710 Q50 V35 WE: Business Development (Aerospace and Defense) Followers: 1 Kudos [ ? ]: 7 [ 0 ] , given: 11 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 05:37 But I have received a mail stating that my application is submitted in the round -1 !! So difficult to understand !!![/quote] Would be best to mail the adcom![/quote] """"ISB PGP Online Application Status"""" We are in the process of verifying applications received for the deadline. An email will be forwarded to you as soon as your application is verified for completion. Please note that this could take time (up to 2 weeks). We will not be able to give you an update if you call us or send us an email. Thank you in advance for your patience. P.S.: It is our policy not to answer requests about the status of applications. Application Reference Number: XXXXXXXXXXXXX Name of the Applicant: XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Submitted on: 16-Oct-2016 [/quote] Oh. You got this on asking if you're being considered in Round 1?[/quote] NOPE !! This is what I see when I log in to ISB portal !! ISB is not taking calls and not replying to mails. ""STUCK"" AllahuAkbar Intern Joined: 01 Oct 2016 Posts: 5 Location: India Concentration: Leadership Schools: ISB '18 (II) GMAT 1 : 760 Q51 V41 Followers: 0 Kudos [ ? ]: 0 [ 0 ] , given: 0 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 07:18 Got an interview invite today evening. Alhamdillulah. I am based in Mumbai, will be in Hyd for the interview. PSA based on the invite e-mail 1 - Interviews for early decision scheduled b/w Oct 22-31 only, decision by Nov 10 2 - I have to communicate my location preference(Hyd/Skype) by tomo, Oct 19 - which means tomo is probably the last day they will send out early decision invites. HKHR Manager Joined: 31 Mar 2013 Posts: 69 Location: United States Followers: 0 Kudos [ ? ]: 26 [ 0 ] , given: 109 Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 09:32 Anurodh2017 wrote: A bigtime goofup has happened in my application !! I have submitted on 15th 11:55 PM but my application shows ""Submitted on 16th"". What should I do?? They bluntly write that do not call us for any update !! Any comments from the members!! I think you should write to the school. Good idea to get such details confirmed. If I were you, I would have written to the school. routerpouter Intern Joined: 15 Oct 2016 Posts: 2 Location: India Schools: ISB '18 (II) GRE 1 : 332 Q167 V165 GPA: 3.94 WE: Information Technology (Computer Software) Followers: 0 Kudos [ ? ]: 0 [ 0 ] , given: 0 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 12:58 Got an interview invite under the 'Early Decision Category'. Had given the GRE alone. yahsa Intern Joined: 05 Sep 2015 Posts: 17 Schools: Ross '19 , Yale '19 (S) , Duke '19 GMAT 1 : 740 Q50 V40 Followers: 0 Kudos [ ? ]: 0 [ 0 ] , given: 0 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 20:35 routerpouter wrote: Got an interview invite under the 'Early Decision Category'. Had given the GRE alone. Could you please share your interview location? routerpouter Intern Joined: 15 Oct 2016 Posts: 2 Location: India Schools: ISB '18 (II) GRE 1 : 332 Q167 V165 GPA: 3.94 WE: Information Technology (Computer Software) Followers: 0 Kudos [ ? ]: 0 [ 0 ] , given: 0 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 18 Oct 2016, 21:35 yahsa wrote: routerpouter wrote: Got an interview invite under the 'Early Decision Category'. Had given the GRE alone. Could you please share your interview location? Hyderabad FightToSurvive Manager Joined: 18 Sep 2014 Posts: 199 Schools: Kelley '19 (S) , ISB '18 (S) , Fisher '19 (S) , Olin '19 (S) , Simon '19 (S) , Broad '19 (S) , Smeal ""19 (S) Followers: 0 Kudos [ ? ]: 11 [ 0 ] , given: 5 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 19 Oct 2016, 00:10 The period between submitting the application and waiting for an interview invite is full of ANXIETY. With this early decision stuff coming in, the ANXIETY game rises up and there is no end to this! With no interview in my kitty, all I can do is play along and wait. The game of disappointment takes a lot of time to sink in. Hoping for the best!!! _________________ Kindly press the Kudos to appreciate my post !! GyanOne VP Status: Top MBA Admissions Consultant Joined: 24 Jul 2011 Posts: 1078 GMAT 1 : 780 Q51 V48 GRE 1 : 1540 Q800 V740 Followers: 113 Kudos [ ? ]: 503 [ 0 ] , given: 18 Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] Show Tags 19 Oct 2016, 05:09 Top Contributor Narenn wrote: 4 invites so far: as per forum stats. Good luck to all! If you get an invite, please update your ISB profile status and post an update here - it will give some stats and insights for others to look into. Add to My Schools Download table Add to My Schools Download table Excellent info. Many thanks! _________________ GyanOne | Top MBA Rankings and MBA Admissions Blog Top MBA Admissions Consulting | Top MiM Admissions Consulting Premium MBA Essay Review|Best MBA Interview Preparation|Exclusive GMAT coaching Get a FREE Detailed MBA Profile Evaluation | Call us now +91 98998 31738 gmatclubot Re: Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 [ #permalink ] 19 Oct 2016, 05:09 Print view First unread post Go to page Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 [ 134 posts ] Similar topics Author Replies Last post Similar Topics: ISB Admission(Class of 2018) - 2017 Applicants krishnatejad 0 06 Sep 2016, 15:19 ISB 2017 applicants (Class of 2018) sristi1389 2 15 Mar 2016, 05:08 345 Calling all ISB Applicants - (2016 Intake) Class of 2017 kunalarora23 1236 29 Apr 2015, 07:52 695 Calling all ISB Applicants - (2015 Intake) Class of 2016 ankurgupta03 1033 14 Apr 2014, 09:13 438 Calling all ISB Applicants - (2014 Intake) Class of 2015 ankurgupta03 765 12 Apr 2013, 12:41 Display posts from previous: All posts 1 day 7 days 2 weeks 1 month 3 months 6 months 1 year Sort by Author Post time Subject Ascending Descending Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 new topic post reply Question banks Downloads My Bookmarks Reviews Important topics Moderators: OasisGC , BrushMyQuant , aerien , ankurgupta03 Search for: gmat club member projects: 237 Bschool Reviews 6,132 User-verified Reviews 7,125,663 Timers Taken 1112 Premium Members active 2 Exceptional Deals in Marketplace 40 GMAT Courses to Compare 25 Admissions Consulting Packages to Compare 1754 Paid & Free questions in GMAT Club Tests Current Applicant Blogs Keep moving forward After days of waiting, sharing the tension with other applicants in forums, coming up with different theories about invites patterns, and, overall, refreshing my inbox every five minutes to... By Kayasky What Columbus Day will bring I was totally freaking out. Apparently, most of the HBS invites were already sent and I didn’t get one. However, there are still some to come out on... By Kayasky Current Student Blogs Blogging and analytics tools I’m surprised no one has asked this until now – but I’ve had a couple people ask about the mechanics of blogging. 1: It’s a bigger... By NewCardinal Career Development 101: Love the Industry you're in and Be an Expert There is without a doubt a stereotype for recent MBA grads – folks who are ambitious, smart, hard-working, but oftentimes lack experience or domain knowledge. Looking around and at... By stevenfuqua MBA Resources Business School Rankings GMAT Club MBA Application Guide 2015-2016 Business School Reviews Best Admissions Consultants Free Profile Evaluation Best MBA App Tips Everything about MBA B School Journey Best MBA Discussions Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 by GouravJoshi 5 Calling all ISB Applicants - (2015 Intake) Class of 2016 by ankurgupta03 5 ISB Essay Questions Analysis – 2016-17 by myEssayReview 4 ISB 2016 (Co 2018) Essay Analysis.... by ISBeacon 4 How to answer the “Why You” in your ISB application by strategy4gmat1 2 MBA Expert Advice Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Latest Kudos Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 by abhiab Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 by abhiab Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 by arpitgupta6650 Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 by GouravJoshi ISB applicants - Ask GyanOne!! by GyanOne Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 by Narenn ISB applicants - Ask GyanOne!! by thesehgal2015 ISB Essay Questions Analysis – 2016-17 by myEssayReview Calling all ISB Applicants - (2017 Intake) Class of 2018 by GouravJoshi How to answer the “Why ISB” in your ISB application by strategy4gmat1 You are here: GMAT Club Forum Index Business School and MBA Business School Discussions ISB GMAT Club MBA Forum Home | About | Terms and Conditions | GMAT Club Rules | Contact | Sitemap Powered by phpBB © phpBB Group and phpBB SEO Kindly note that the GMAT® test is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council®, and this site has neither been reviewed nor endorsed by GMAC® . Copyright © GMAT Club GMAT ® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ® (GMAC ®). GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC. © DeeP 2016 Web Design & Development Main navigation Home GMAT Forum GMAT Prep Courses MBA Programs Self Prep GMAT Blog GMAT Test GMAT Wiki GMAT Chat About Contact Advertise GMAT Resources Build Your Study Plan GMAT Questions Best GMAT Books All the GMAT Tests GMAT Club Tests Test Dates GMAT Math GMAT Verbal Error Log Templates GMAT Official Guide GMAT Score Calculator Partners e-GMAT Economist GMAT Tutor Magoosh Optimus Prep™ Veritas Prep Math Revolution - NEW! EMPOWERgmat Kaplan Manhattan GMAT MBA Resources Full Time MBA Rankings Part Time MBA Rankings International MBA Rankings Best App Tips Best MBA Books Application Reference Interviews Resumes Free Profile Evaluation Why MBA Copyright © GMAT Club GMAT ® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ® (GMAC ®). GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC. © DeeP 2016 Web Design & Development www.gmac.com | www.mba.com | | GMAT Club Rules | Terms and Conditions "
  100% Success Rate Again for ISB PGP Admissions - GyanOne -- GyanOne Universal | PRLog Press Release Distribution PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Isb Essays * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Location * Delhi Delhi India * More Locations... Country(s) India Australia Singapore Hong Kong Zimbabwe - - - More Countries Industry News October 2016 We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 100% Success Rate Again for ISB PGP Admissions - GyanOne GyanOne is proud to announce yet gain a 100% track record of ISB Admission offers. Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Isb Essays Industry: * Business Location: * Delhi - Delhi - India DELHI, India - May 6, 2016 - PRLog -- GyanOne's expert team of ISB alumni with more than 15 years of experience in the higher education and consulting industry has done it again. They hold a deep expertise in ISB application and interview preparation, and have been the most sought after ISB Admission Consultants over the years. The PGP program offered at the Indian School of Business is a dream MBA programs for all indian applicant aspiring for business management education. GyanOne has been helping applicants build excellent applications, improve on their profiles and providing comprehensive interview preparation help to all aiming to gain admission into ISB. In addition, GyanOne is also well known for its expertise in helping applicants prepare strong scholarship applications to ISB. Monalisa Dutta, an Indian residing abroad, reached out to the GyanOne ISB Admission consulting team just few days before the ISB R1 deadlines. Not only did she finally made it to ISB, but also received a substantial scholarship offer, ""Hope you are doing well. I am in at ISB with scholarship money. Thank you for your time and efforts. I wouldn't have made it without you."" GyanOne MBA Admissions Consultants have heled applicants from all industries, varied GMAT scores and backgrounds to gain admission in the prestigious Management programs offered by ISB. Ankit Nanda, an applicant with a low GMAT score of 660, made t to ISB in Round 2 of their application cycle,"" Thanks to GyanOne team, I got admit to ISB. GyanOne team was highly professional, they guided me in both writing essays and preparing for interview. They helped me highlight best part of my application, even with sub 700 GMAT score, I felt confident about my profile. I feel satisfied and lucky that I made the right decision of choosing GyanOne at the most critical junction. GyanOne is the leading MBA admission consulting firm and top choice for applicants aiming to gain admission in ISB, and offers comprehensive help in essay writing and interview preparation. Its constant focus to guide its clients towards the right path motivates the team to maintain its success rate year over year. For detailed information about GyanOne's ISB Admission Consulting, visit http://www.gyanone.com/ isb-admissions- essays/ Contact Swati Gupta ***@gyanone.com End Source : GyanOne Universal Email : ***@gyanone.com Tags : Isb Essays Industry : Business Location : Delhi - Delhi - India Account Email Address Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse GyanOne Universal News GyanOne celebrates IIM Essay Help 2015 success How to Prepare for GMAT with Job GyanOne Offers Scholarships to Top MBA Admits GyanOne Leads as Top Master in Management Consultants in India Another Yale School of Management Silver Scholars Admit Trending Elaine Barnes to receive Toastmasters District 86 Communication and Leadership Award Anne Game Announced as North Highland Atlanta Market Lead Generis Partners with AEROW's ARender4Documentum Free National Pre-Law Conference Offers Aspiring Black Lawyers Game-Changing Opportunity to Gain Information, Resources and Connections Alpha Direct Agency Celebrates its Employees in Memorable Fashion Daily News Conac Luxury Villas- The first of its kind luxury property in Central Noida - 182 views Arc xpress starting With The Most Affordable Courier And Parcel Services - 175 views Safestore delivers consistent training across 100 + stores in the UK with UpsideLMS - 174 views Drpusoftware.com releases Student ID Card Maker Software to design customized ID card for students - 162 views TopRankers.com has launched IBPS PO Pre test series based on 16 Oct 2016 Exam Pattern - 102 views Weekly News Godrej Properties announces a 100-acre golf-themed township in Greater Noida - 304 views The Mobile App Grand launch in the Automobile Industry by OFOS - 284 views Soma Tech India organizes ""Introduction to Cardiac and Critical Care Devices"" workshop - 272 views A Coloring book for grown up's by an IITian ! - 265 views Beautex Launches Ponzio Aluminium Windows – A Window With 600 Shades - 243 views Daily News Conac Luxury Villas- The first of its kind luxury property in Central Noida - 182 views Arc xpress starting With The Most Affordable Courier And Parcel Services - 175 views Safestore delivers consistent training across 100 + stores in the UK with UpsideLMS - 174 views Drpusoftware.com releases Student ID Card Maker Software to design customized ID card for students - 162 views TopRankers.com has launched IBPS PO Pre test series based on 16 Oct 2016 Exam Pattern - 102 views Weekly News Godrej Properties announces a 100-acre golf-themed township in Greater Noida - 304 views The Mobile App Grand launch in the Automobile Industry by OFOS - 284 views Soma Tech India organizes ""Introduction to Cardiac and Critical Care Devices"" workshop - 272 views A Coloring book for grown up's by an IITian ! - 265 views Beautex Launches Ponzio Aluminium Windows – A Window With 600 Shades - 243 views May 06, 2016 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog ? 9K 2K 1K "
  PGP in ISB after working in software field Add phone Please enter your Mobile Number and Education Level to proceed. +91 Enter Mobile Number Enter Correct Mobile Number Select Highest Education Level 6th - 9th Class 10th Class 11th Class 12th Class Graduate Degree / Diploma Postgraduate Degree Working Professional Write your highest education level 011-66487704 | Career Tests Ideal Career Test™ Skill Based Career Test Stream Selector™ Test Engineering Branch Selector™ Humanities Career Selector™ Commerce Career Selector™ Professional Skill Index™ Institutes Engineering Colleges Business Schools Law Colleges Medical Colleges Blog Impact Stories Exclusive Interviews Inspirational Stories Viewpoint Our Experts Be an Expert Pricing Sign In Home / All Questions / Management & Marketing / PGP in ISB after working in software field I am software developer. I am currently happy but i want to know how beneficial would it be for me if i do PGP from ISB and what post i will get and how growth would be . Please give specific answer not general ones by makwanadashang Management & Marketing 15 answers | Share : 15 answers RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Dr. Anand Wadadekar, PhD Founder & CEO: Discovering Careers India pune Dear Aspirant, Wonderful thinking. Are you sure that you will get admitted to ISB? You will have to leave your job and after PGP you may not be related to software. Are you fine with this change? After PGP from ISB you can definitely get onshore assignments and jobs coupled with your software experience. Software and Management can definitely land you in Managerial jobs across the world in MNCs. Growth would be very good considering the placements you will get from ISB. You may get jobs in BI, Business Analysis, ERP, Strategy, etc. Best wishes RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field makwanadashang No sir, i am just planning but i am keeping my aspiration in 1 yr MBA in india . So best college is SP jain Global and ISB . I want to work in mumbai, india only so i am not going abroad. I was curious how my career will be after pgp. how much time it will take for ROI on fees and career path leading to what post either CTO, CIO or something else? RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Dr. Anand Wadadekar, PhD Founder & CEO: Discovering Careers India pune Dear Aspirant, Your dreams are good. Industry does not hire just because you have excellent qualification, but hires for skills. ROI on fees and career path do not have a formula and tenure. Skills, attitude matter the most in the managerial role. CTO, CIO are very high level of positions. Please let me know how much work experience do you have currently. For a CTO and CIO level position, you atleast need 15 20 years of experience (as required by MNCs). PGP is definitely a good decision. SP Jain and ISB are fantastic. Skills is what matter the most, remember! Best wishes RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Surabhi Dewra Founder and CEO at CareerGuide.Com Noida If you get into ISB - be it Hyderabad or Mauhali campus then for sure you have skills and market will pick you. You will have access to be part of Top tech firms of the world. Opportunities could be as product management ( which is turning out to be highly coveted profile ) to CIO to Tech -marketing division and end less - possibly the kind of roles which will be invented in next two years and I have not even heard of. Return on investment - you will recover in a year or so. Which should not be a worry. Have right experience, GMAT score, resume - leadership roles on it and confidence to get through it. Best of Luck RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field makwanadashang @anandwadadekar I am habing 2.2 yrs of experience. But the CIO/CTO is my MAIN goal .Subsequent there are small goals which are different like getting into ISB or SPJAIN is one of the goal since i want to live in india only and looking for 1 year mba only. And it might also happen i dont get into isb/ spjain so in that case i would stick to my job only. RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field makwanadashang @surabhi thanks for reply. but CTO/CIO role is my MAIN AIM/GOAL . i have 2.2 yr of exp. CXO would require 12 yr or more exp. lets see if i can crack gmat that is imp first RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Meghna Mukherjee Counselor at Adaptive Minds Mumbai Hello There, I was just going through the discussion here and am highly impressed. Both the counselors have explained you your question in details. I just wish to add that when you have a goal set why do I see a lack of confidence. Your work experience and goal should boost up your confidence level to the utmost. Plan well, be well prepared, leave no stone unturned. Wish you all the very best... RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Surabhi Dewra Founder and CEO at CareerGuide.Com Noida 2.2 yrs + MBA degree is not ideal for CTO role. CTO is high tech oriented role with ppl/project management skills. Spend more no. of years in tech. Working with startups will also be good idea and then may be moving on to MBA. RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field makwanadashang @surabhi you got it wrong. I am not looking for straight forward CIO/CTO . I need PGP from top school like isb etc 1st. and certainly 10-12 yr exp. I was just saying where i want to reach, what i want to achieve i.e CIO/CTO RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Surabhi Dewra Founder and CEO at CareerGuide.Com Noida Reverse the order will be more helpful to get on your profile. i.e add more years of tech experience and then MBA. Best way to explore what I am saying would be pick 20 CTO profile from Linkedin of companies you admire - and check their career path ! You will get what I am trying to point out. RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field makwanadashang @surabhidewra i have checked .most of them havent done PGP/MBA like they have solely reached on their skills / years of experience RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Surabhi Dewra Founder and CEO at CareerGuide.Com Noida Exactly what I am saying !!!!! RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Dr. Anand Wadadekar, PhD Founder & CEO: Discovering Careers India pune Dear Aspirant, I have exactly said what you have said. PGP from ISB does not guarantee CTO positions in career. Apart from the learnings from ISB which are world class and practical, you also need work experience. There is no substitute for work experience if you wish to have a goal set for becoming a CTO. Skills and competencies are the most important that time. And yes, MBA is NOT required to scale higher level in hierarchy. Project Management certification from PMI, USA is what you can begin with for a good career growth. Best wishes RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field Aparna M Venkatesan PhD Management And Organizational Psychologist Hosur Dear Aspirant, Apart from the guidance given by our career counsellors in here, I would like to add more insight onto this topic. CEO and CIO/ CTO are entirely at different span of management level. If you aim for a CEO position in an ICT firm - you will definitely need an MBA from a top notch business school, coupled up with industry experience for at least a minimum of 15 years. This is more of a work on the lines of strategic management side of an organization. If you do an MBA very early on in your career, as you are planning now, then you are almost compromising on the technology side of your skill sets. There are high chances that you will be landing up on management roles like Business Analyst, Business Development, or other Strategic management roles rather getting an opportunity to stay inclined on technology side. The probability of landing on a technology role is very low if you do an MBA just after 2 years of experience. This will deter you from your aspirations for the CIO roles but however gives you a path to CEO roles in future. Alternatively if your aim is only on CIO/ CTO positions, I would rather say to hold on to your MBA aspirations for now and instead concentrate on working in the software field for at least 8 more years at a stretch. When you accumulate a solid 10 years of work experience in hard core technology, it increases your probability in landing up on a technology leadership position. If you do the MBA from ISB after gaining 10 years of industry experience on technology roles, you can easily land up on projects that will require both your technical and management expertise. So after your MBA and after 10 years of industry experience, you can easily land up in junior C-suite levels in start ups and within the next 3-5 years you can reach a CIO position. Indian students are very much clouded with the myth that only an MBA will lead to C-Suites and otherwise you can't. It is very much wise for you to continue working for a span of 8-10 years from now and then do the MBA rather jumping into it right early on your career while you are just evolving on your technology front. I would strongly recommend you to postpone your MBA aspirations for now and instead focus on challenging assignments and international assignments in your career. Please be informed that just an MBA will not reward you with a CIO position later on. You should accumulate other skill sets in the process like being diverse, mobile and competent. You can develop these skill sets only when you continue working on at least for the next few years. And later on, get a sound preparation for your GMAT score and crack the exam with a very high score. As Counsellor Surabhi has mentioned in here, if you get through ISB, you are sure to have the skills that market will want to pick you up. Hope this helps. Good luck. RE: PGP in ISB after working in software field This topic is now closed. New replies are no longer allowed. ? Previous Next ? Career COUNSELLORS For - PGP in ISB after working in software field Verified Ask Meghna Meghna Mukherjee Counselor at Adaptive Minds Mrs. Meghna is a Postgraduate in clinical Psychology. She had been a part of several workshops related to Personality Enhancement, Counseling, Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Therapy, Hypnosis for self Healing etc. She works at Adaptive Mind as freelance counselor and had worked as an executive counselor at Growth Centre, School Counselor at Billabong High International School, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Vidya mandir. Her areas of expertise include Human Resources Management with Clinical Psychology. Currently working as a Brain mapping analyst Verified Ask Prathamesh Prathamesh Kapote Founder And Director At Canvas Career Mr. Prathamesh is a Certified Career Consultant by Psytech International (bps) UK and is also a Certified Trainer for Life Skills; he is pursuing Narrative Therapy from Adelaide, Australia. He has been in to career counseling for more than 8 years now he practices MINDFULNESS psychotherapy with students. He possesses vast experience in teaching and career counseling. Currently he is associated with FUEL NGO. He had counseled over laces of students and is a founder director of Canvas Career Consultancy, committed to conduct Psychometric assessments for students and do career counseling by making them aware about new career avenues Verified Ask Preeti Preeti Taneja Head Guidance & Counselling at Confidential Post Graduate in Psychology 12 years of experience in career, academic and behavioral counselling of students. Expert in psychometric testing ( Aptitude, interest, personality) Career Columnist with national news paper Career Expert with community radio stations & online career portals like CareerGuide.com Life skills coach with one of the reputed and largest school chain of India Verified Ask Surabhi Surabhi Dewra Founder and CEO at CareerGuide.Com Ms. Surabhi dewra is a BE- Electrical & Electronics graduate from BITS Pilani, she has successfully executed India’s biggest online career exploration portal. Which is at the present is one of the remarkable firm in its sector. She has received an award for “best career counseling initiative” given by Ministry of Human Resource & Development and presented by M. M. Pallam Raju –Minister of Human Resource and Development. Career counseling is Ms. Surabhi’s passion and she had been doing it from very initial stage. With an insight on whole procedure of career counseling she now excels in her field. She had also been a fellow at ISB – Goldman Sachs Women Entrepreneur’s program. Besides her work she is also associated with educational NGOs Related Answers Hi I m ujjwal recently completed my bca from ip university and I m looking for mca I wish to have admission in NIT's but I hav no idea which NIT is best or they provide common addmssion form for mca c .. read more I want to know about my career in management field I love to manage people and like to work like a manager in the company ...so can I become boss .. read more Which is best--BBA from Symbiosis Pune or Narsee Monjee, or IIM iNdore five year integrated .. read more How is the typical day of a Business Analyst ? .. read more What are the main work and responsibilities of a Business Analyst? .. read more PGP in ISB after working in software field See All Questions Latest ANSWERS What are the physical requirements for IAS exams? Can I appear for IAS exam if my height is below 160 cm? Dear aspirant, as the IAS requires you to administer and execute policies, you are supposed to have some basic physical requirements like, sitting, st .. read more how to become a marine engineer Hello Dheer, A marine engineer is a technical person who looks into the engine detailings of the ship. He is responsible for the smooth function .. read more what can I do after Bsc Physical Science? Which job is better after doing it? Hi, This is a field of science dealing with non living systems. Further you can even do Msc, Mphil and Phd in Physical sciences and Biosciences etc. S .. read more What so I do after btech Generally the immediate thoughts after doing a Btech degree is of MTECH or JOB. But there are other options including the above: First as I mentioned .. read more Most Popular Hi I m ujjwal recently completed my bca from ip university and I m looking for mca I wish to have admission in NIT's but I hav no idea which NIT is best or they provide common addmssion form for mca c The National Institute of Technology (NIT) and National Institute of Technology (IIT) are the greatest Engineering Institutes in India which are like .. read more How is the typical day of an Airline Pilot ? The typical day of an Airline Pilot can be extremely hectic - working for 15 hours, or very comfortable - not working more than 3-4 hours. It's one jo .. read more Sir main Pmt ke liye preparation kar raha mujhe last revesion kaise karna chahiye? <a href=; DU LLB 2017</a> <a href=http://www.exams.chekrs.com/pu-ba-llb-exam> Punjab BA LLB Exam 2017</a> <a href=http://www.e .. read more What are the main work and responsibilities of a Human Resource Manager? Human Resource Manager is responsible for looking after the entire spectrum of HR activities including manpower planning, recruitment , training .. read more About News Contact Be an Expert Blog Psychometric Test Our Experts Pricing About News Contact Terms Privacy Policy Refund & Cancellation Sitemap Be an Expert Knowledge base Blog Our Experts Pricing Psychometric Career Assessment What to do after 10th Choose Right Engineering Branch After 12th Ideal Career Test Psychometric Assessment for Vocational Careers Commerce Career Selector Humanities Career Selector Professional Skill Index Let's be Friends Partner Sites 1105 Career Experts 551 Career Topics 1,15,076 Career Questions 5,31,805 Students Impacted Copyright © CareerGuide.com "
  Isb Essay Help Inicio Quienes Somos Sección de Noticias Contáctenos Radio en Vivo Emisora Antioquia La Grande! Forjadores del Progreso logo Emisora Antioquia La Grande! Para mayor fidelidad en el sonido virtual de esta emisora haga click en la tecla F5 EMISORA ANTIOQUIA LA GRANDE, hace parte del proyecto FORJADORES DEL PROGRESO. la guia virtual y comercial mas importante de Antioquia, escuche por esta emisora las mas bellas canciones y melodias de todos los tiempos, ademas noticias, farandula, deportes, temas de interes general y todos dias de 2 a 3 p.m. el espacio radial FORJADORES DEL PROGRESO. Forjadores del Progreso logo Es un portal preparado y realizado por los periodistas de INCOLDES Institituto Colombiano de Información y desarrollo, desde Medellin para Colombia y el mundo, destacando el desarrollo economico, cultural y social del departamento de Antioquia y de Colombia en general. Nuevas Empresas: MIS AÑOS DORADOS PRIMER CONGRESO DE PENSIONES QUICHELP DE PUEBLO EN PUEBLO mp3 GRES CONSTRUCCIONES Y SOLUCIONES HACIENDA LOS BUCAROS 2016 pueblo READING SOLUTION--HOSTERIA LA CASCADA HOSTERIA CAMPESTRE LA CASCADA reading solution HOSTERIA LA CASCADA PLATFORMA AUDIO CARNICERIA EDUARD UNITAXI mp3 SANTAFE DE ANTIOQUIA OCCIDENTE ANTIOQUEÑO logo forjadores del progreso forjadores del progreso Subscribe to this RSS feed Isb Essay Help Isb Essay Help ISB essays help - General Education ISB essays help , ISB 2016-17 deadlines and ISB essay editing service along with sample essay analysis by best ISB application consultants. Isb Essays Help - writegetworkessay.tech To get the services by the hand of professionals, it is advised to hire an consultancy. Isb Essay Help . Looking for a world-class essay writing service? Quality Essay : Isb Essays Help top writers online! Isb Essays Help . We are most trusted custom-writing services among students from all over the world. Since we were founded in 1997 Isb Essays Help - writecheapfastessay.tech isb essays help Isb .. . isb essays help with writing a book (such as Letrozole or … They will also boost natural testosterone production far more… l your what not ... Q&A Essays : Isb Essays Help with FREE Revisions included! Isb Essays Help . Does your help isb essays dialogue aloud. So it was the last two items. Human character is trying to impress him or her position by starting with ... Isb Essay Help - writepapertopessay.tech isb essay help Title: Isb Essays - What Not To Write In A College Essay Subject: String theory essay , tok ib essay , racial profiling essay conclusion, help with ... Isb Essay Help - getcheapenglishessays.tech isb essay help Global MBA essay experts will assist you to create successful ISB PGPMAX MBA applicationTips and Suggestions for writing essays for the application of ... Isb Essay Help - writebestfastessay.tech Isb essay help . 5 stars based on 50 reviews Als reviewer essay 2016 nfl. Uc essay requirements. isb essay help Professional essay writers are alike. Isb Essays Help - writegetbestessay.tech Isb Essays Help Planning for MBA with ISB PGP course. Round 1 process is going to start and looking for strong essays in my application. Any help or tips that you ... Is there any help for ISB application essays ? - Quora Planning for MBA with ISB PGP course. Round 1 process is going to start and looking for strong essays in my application. Any help or tips that you want to share? Writing Service: Isb Essay Help it is possible to order a ... Isb Essay Help . At best essay writing service review platform, students will get best suggestions of best essay writing services by expert reviews and ratings. Essay Online: Isb Essay Help most trustful essay writing service! Isb Essay Help . Our essay editing experts are available any time of the day or night to help you get better grades on your essays and become a better writer. ISB essay editing help and consulting from top ISB alumni ... Premium ISB admissions essays and application help from top ISB alumni. Story creation, essays , application strategy. Outstanding success rates. Isb essay analysis help - carleenwild.com Isb essay analysis help . 4 stars based on 135 reviews Cochlear implant argumentative essay . Wolfgang heiermann dissertation meaning. Steve morse band the introduction ... Essay Now: Isb Essay Help we guarantee first class work! Isb Essay Help . Looking for a world-class essay writing service? We offer every type of essay service for a wide variety of topics. ISB Essays - MBA Crystal Ball Tips to help you tackle the tricky ISB essay questions, the key application requirement for 2014-2015 admissions. Isb essay writing help you - dissertation buy essay typewriter ribbon, Isb essay writing help you - writing case reports a howto manual for clinicians ISB PGP - New ISB MBA Application Essays 2015-2016 View ISB MBA application essays , sample essays for PGP 2015-2016 and get help by General Education for ISB essays writing. Call 9035050056 for more! ISB YLP Essays : An Entry Pass to ISB · Storify ISB YLP essays help students to strengthen their candidature for admission in ISB . To get the services by the hand of professionals, it is advised to hire an consultancy. Complete ISB Essay writing Tips - Vibranture ISB PGP 2015-2016 MBA Admission Essay Writing Tips, ISB has come up with a brand new set of essays this year. Though there are flavors from past years essays , this ... Can someone help me with an essay for ISB ? - Quora ISB Essay 1: If we were to admit just one more student, make a compelling argument as to why that student should be you by describing an (only one) achievement in ... Isb essays help number - service homework handwriting wallpaper iphone, Isb essays help number - do the exercises to improve your writing skills Isb essay help | Ines Punessen Isb essay help By September 27, 2016 Uncategorized. Isb essay help . 5 stars based on 50 reviews Als reviewer essay 2016 nfl. Uc essay requirements. Isb essay help - mmjnv.com Isb essay help . 5 stars based on 94 reviews Essay on english keyboard. Golden age of athens essay . Writing self evaluations on yourself essay . street beggars essay . Apphelp Isb Essays - cheapbuyessayfast.tech apphelp isb essays Consequences of the war of 1812 essays Apphelp provides essay review services for isb essays , nanyang essays , ... ISB YLP essays help students to ... Apphelp Isb Essays - writebestgetessay.tech Apphelp Isb Essays Apphelp isb essays . Applying to ISB PGP Application Essays Explained Admissions Blog, Isb essay - Geography of the imagination guy davenport essay ... ISB PGPMAX MBA Essay Writing and Editing help from ... Global MBA essay experts will assist you to create successful ISB PGPMAX MBA application ISB Sample Essays 2016 - Apphelp ISB sample essays will give you a headstart before you starting writing down your thoughts Isb essays help - abiquiulandandhomes.com Isb essays help . 5 stars based on 140 reviews Essay on real heroism. Should abortion be legalised essay longer. Hkust mba essays kindergarten. Isb essay help - bridgewaterdentalcarecarmel.com Merit based, at the discretion of the isb essay help Admission Committee. If I continue being a Student Ambassador I will be doing it isb essay help for my 3rd year. Email: Esta dirección de correo electrónico está protegida contra robots de spam. Necesitas activar JavaScript para poder verla Buscar Empresas COOPERATIVISMO CFA ASOCIACION MUTUAL COMPARTIR COOSANROQUE COOPERATIVA RIACHON LTDA COASMEDAS COOABEJORRAL COOPERATIVA APICULTORES DE SANTA BARBARA COOPETROL PRECOODES COOPERATIVA ANTIOQUEÑA DE RECOLECTORES ASOCIACION MUTUAL SAN JOSE DE ENVIGADO COOMUTUAL Indicadores Económicos Integrado por AppLab.in Hoy 1730 Ayer 3342 Esta Semana 9310 Semana Pasada 17223 Este Mes 48486 Mes Pasado 60268 Todos los Dias 3625136 Visitors Counter © Copyright 2009, All Rights Reserved Back to Top "
  ISB’s PGP Class of 2014 witnesses rise in Government/ PSU, Fashion and Healthcare Professionals - Core Sector Communique Home About us Advertise Join us Social Media FAQ’s Our Clients & Associates Network of Mentors Contact 28 May 2013 Home » News » ISB’s PGP Class of 2014 witnesses rise in Government/ PSU, Fashion and Healthcare Professionals ISB’s PGP Class of 2014 witnesses rise in Government/ PSU, Fashion and Healthcare Professionals Posted in News By Chawm Ganguly On May 28, 2013 Next Post Previous Post Hyderabad/ Mohali, May 28, 2013: The Indian School of Business (ISB) today announced the commencement of the academic year for the Class of 2014 of its Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP). With 774 students across Hyderabad and Mohali campuses, from diverse academic, professional, cultural, geographic and social backgrounds, the ISB earns the distinction of having the largest class among premier Business schools in the country for the second consecutive year. Expressing his views on the new class, Deepak Chandra, Deputy Dean, ISB said, “The Co2014 at the ISB reflects the school’s efforts to identify the best of talent and provide them with a rich learning experience that will expand the bounds of their thinking and set them on the path for long-term career progress. Success stories of our alumni demonstrate how the PGP has created a ‘transformational experience’ to turn several mid-career professionals to global business leaders. We believe that the students of the Co2014 too will make the best use of their year at the ISB, hone their skills and make a mark for themselves in their chosen careers.” ISB Class of 2014: A Snapshot Class Size 774 students – Hyderabad: 556 and Mohali: 218 Age Mean: 27 Years Mid-80%: 25-31 Years GMAT Score Mean: 711 Mid-80%: 680-750 Work Ex Mean: 5 years Mid-80% range: 2.8 – 7.5 Years Gender mix Male: 579 (75%) Female 195 (25%) Marital Status Single: 603 (28%) Married: 171 (22%) Segments on the Rise Diversity is a tradition at the ISB and like its predecessors, the Co2014 too comprises talented professionals from diverse backgrounds. A significant development this year is the marked increase in the number of professionals from PSU/Government , Healthcare and Fashion sectors. There has been a steady increase in the number of PSU and government employees joining the PGP with the present class having 33 professionals from organisations such as Indian railways, GAIL, BHEL, and ONGC among others. This class also witnessed a spurt in the number of medical doctors and professionals from the fashion industry. The rise in the number of professionals from these sectors, as compared to the previous year, can be attributed to the focused approach on the part of the school to enhance its class diversity – particularly the ‘Diversity Scholarships’ launched last year. The Co2014 was welcomed by a large group of alumni who organised an ‘Orientation Week’- a formal induction programme for the students at both the Hyderabad and Mohali campuses. The alumni shared their experiences and gave them an insight into the ISB culture and how to make the best use of their one year at the ISB. About the Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) at the ISB The PGP is a full-time, one-year programme in Management designed for young working professionals to enable them transition into roles of greater responsibility, or pursue an entrepreneurial dream. The programme offers world class education with an exposure to some of the best of minds – faculty, industry and their own peers, giving students an enriching learning experience that expands the bounds of their thinking and sets them on the path for long-term career progress. The PGP is offered concurrently at the ISB’s Hyderabad and Mohali campuses. The school functions as one entity with a seamless integration across campuses with a common admissions and placements process. The ISB brand is now represented by a network of 5200+ accomplished alumni working in leading companies, government and non-profits spread across 32 countries worldwide. Over 350 alumni are running their ventures. ISB is committed to the continuous development of its alumni through life-long learning programmes combined with career development and support activities. For more details on the PGP, please visit: http://www.isb.edu/post-graduate-programme-in-management . Related Tags: bhel , Deepak Chandra , Deputy Dean , Diversity Scholarships , Fashion , GAIL , Government/ PSU , Healthcare Professionals , Hyderabad/ Mohali , indian railways , ISB , ISB’s PGP Class of 2014 , ONGC , Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) , Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) at the ISB , The Indian School of Business (ISB) Chawm Ganguly A maverick, jaywalking through life. Communicated in three continents as a journalist and a spin doctor. Print, Television, PR, Photography, Production - has been there, done it all. Author of several books on Corporate Communications, Social Media, Conferencing. Currently focusing on helping Corporates bridge the Traditional-Social Media divide and installing GenX values in Millennial motherboards. SINfully effective PR SINfully effective PR! SkyLED X-Linked Lethal Rural Craft Hubs of Bengal Archives Archives Select Month October 2016 (247) September 2016 (321) August 2016 (298) July 2016 (266) June 2016 (366) May 2016 (396) April 2016 (360) March 2016 (397) February 2016 (447) January 2016 (359) December 2015 (394) November 2015 (380) October 2015 (355) September 2015 (398) August 2015 (414) July 2015 (421) June 2015 (428) May 2015 (419) April 2015 (410) March 2015 (378) February 2015 (375) January 2015 (328) December 2014 (302) November 2014 (348) October 2014 (384) September 2014 (163) August 2014 (297) July 2014 (439) June 2014 (416) May 2014 (393) April 2014 (273) March 2014 (320) February 2014 (265) January 2014 (308) December 2013 (223) November 2013 (233) October 2013 (335) September 2013 (338) August 2013 (310) July 2013 (365) June 2013 (316) May 2013 (308) April 2013 (263) March 2013 (311) February 2013 (278) January 2013 (289) December 2012 (301) November 2012 (331) October 2012 (327) September 2012 (8) Alexa – she knows it all Alexa Rank of corecommunique.com is 183,240 Tweets by @CharmChawm Recent Comments Ankit Barmecha on Snapdeal appoints industry veteran Pradeep Desai as Senior Vice President, Engineering Ankit Barmecha on The Cofounder launches India’s First Startup Magazine Ankit Barmecha on Empowering Young Students to become Entrepreneurs of Tomorrow with EdgeMakers Ankit Barmecha on Indiagosolar.in brings on board Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Pvt. Ltd and Gautam Solar Pvt Ltd on its e-info marketplace platform Rahat on European Higher Education Fair India 2016 Brings World’s Top Ranked European Universities to Delhi Core Sector Communique Copyright © 2016. Back to Top ? "
  ISB announces PGP Class of 2012 | India Education Review Skip to main content News Features Interviews VC Desk Articles Open Learning Resources Policy Jobs Search You are here Home ISB announces PGP Class of 2012 Create: 05/20/2011 - 23:40 Author: admin The Indian School of Business (ISB) has announced the start of the academic year for its Class of 2012. As per the institution this year batch comprises of 573 students representing diverse academic and professional backgrounds. Announcing the new class, Deepak Chandra, Deputy Dean, ISB said, “The Class of 2012 is an eclectic mix of achievers, in line with our belief that diversity enhances learning, and truly develops leadership potential. I am confident that the Class of 2012 too will carry forward the ISB’s tradition of excellence.” Welcoming the Class of 2012, V K Menon, Senior Director – Career Services, Admissions and Financial Aid said, “ISB is known for its diversity and this class brings in a wealth of knowledge and experience across various industries and functions. Armed with cutting-edge knowledge and best practices, I am sure that this class will contribute significantly to the global marketplace”. ISB has taken professionals from every background to join its Post Graduate Programme. Students come in with prior experience in functions like Sales and Marketing, Finance, Project Management, Architecture, Operations, Consulting, Research, Advertising, Travel, Tourism, Hospitality, Technology, etc. There are also niche profiles from the Armed Forces, Practicing Doctors and Surgeons, Entrepreneurs, Civil Servants, Fashion Designers, Shipping Crew, Entrepreneurs, Lawyers and Journalists among others. The ISB has 167 women students, comprising 29 % of the class. This year, the class has students from countries such as Italy, Spain, Russia, Austria, Australia, Singapore, Thailand, Mauritius, Belgium, Nepal, Canada, United Kingdom and USA. Now in its tenth year, the ISB’s flagship Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) will be delivered in two locations (Hyderabad and Mohali) with an increased intake from 560 to 770. The two campuses will operate as a unified entity, with the same commitment to world-class programme design and delivery, and by effecting a seamless integration through inter-campus exchanges and virtual connectivity. The Mohali campus will also house four institutes focusing on the areas of Public Policy, Healthcare, Manufacturing and Infrastructure Management. View the discussion thread. Log in to post comments About Author India Education Review India Education Review is a platform that aims to provide information and resources to senior educators nationwide. Carrying news, interviews, guest articles, case studies, information on training and developmental programs, scholarships and jobs, India Education Review is the platform of choice for the educator community in India today See also ET Honors best brands in K-12 education in Best School Brands 2016 06/29/2016 - 15:08 Tech Mahindra Foundation launches ‘SMART Academy’ for Healthcare 06/14/2016 - 20:10 aisectmoocs.com, free online open learning platform launched 05/21/2016 - 17:00 Delhi students to represent India at Telenor Youth Forum in Norway 11/02/2015 - 22:30 Shiv Nadar Foundation earmarks Rs 1550 crore for investment in University 10/30/2015 - 22:30 Yale University and Ashoka University Expand Their Collaboration 10/16/2015 - 17:13 Newsletter Please Send us mail to subscribe contact@ indiaeducationreview.com Tag cloud UGC MHRD VC Teachers University JNU universities DU President NAAC MCI Smriti Irani More tags FIND US ON FACEBOOK Most read Game Development as an industry is comparatively younger and smaller Inspite of an evolving audience, vocational education faces challenges 543 teaching posts vacant in Kerala medical colleges Cambridge invites application for research-oriented University Lectureships Odisha to create 500 doctors post Tweets by @IndiaEduReview Post Jobs PLEASE SEND US MAIL at CONTACT@ INDIAEDUCATIONREVIEW.COM TO Become author for JOB POST Events Please Send us mail to post event contact@ indiaeducationreview.com About Us Team Advertise Events Industry Updates Site Map Copyright © 2012 India Education Review Join us on "
  The Launch Group training, recruitment, enterprise, marketing The Launch Group Sign In Sign In Reset Password Register Home Training Apprenticeships and NVQs Pre-employment training Schools Provision Qualification List Recruitment Job search Looking for a job Submit CV Looking for a Candidate Looking for an Apprentice Meet the team Job Dashboard Marketing Lead generation E-marketing Data cleansing News Events Home Training Apprenticeships and NVQs Pre-employment training Schools Provision Qualification List Recruitment Job search Looking for a job Submit CV Looking for a Candidate Looking for an Apprentice Meet the team Job Dashboard Marketing Lead generation E-marketing Data cleansing News Events Hi, I'm Katie. Recruitment Manager at The Launch Group Our bespoke Recruitment Events and PET programmes have supported almost 200 people into employment so far in 2016! Don't hesitate in calling us to start the ball rolling on your career Contact us to find out more Hi, I'm Louise, Programme Manager at The Launch Group. 73% of candidates who completed a programme with us have moved straight into employment! Get in touch to explore how we can support you. Contact us to see how Level 3 Award in Education and Training This course is the starting point for anyone involved in the delivery of teaching and learning. Interested? Contact us to find out more The Launch Group's current UK delivery locations and niche industries GLASGOW Engineering & Aviation THE LAUNCH GROUP HEAD OFFICE covering Aviation, Hospitality, Contact Centre & Customer Services accross the North East BARROW Engineering LEEDS Aviation, Rail & Hospitality MANCHESTER & LIVERPOOL Aviation, Rail & Hospitality PRESTON Administration & Manufacturing BIRMINGHAM Aviation, Rail & Hospitality PORTSMOUTH Engineering BRISTOL Aviation, Rail & Hospitality Contact us to find out more Who’s The Launch Group? Locations Current Vacancies Get in Touch Who’s The Launch Group? The Launch Group is a government and commercially funded training organisation which creates and delivers bespoke pre and post-employment training. We have a pool of vetted and work ready candidates equipped to meet employer’s immediate and future recruitment needs. We work across a broad range of industries such as Aviation, Administration, Customer Service, Hospitality, IT and Engineering. To see if we can offer training and recruitment services in your particular area, get in touch now! Contact us Locations The Launch Group is headquartered in Newcastle upon Tyne where we also deliver a range of training programmes and qualifications across Customer Service, Hospitality, Aviation, IT, Contact Centre and Rail sectors. We have a national footprint delivering training and recruitment services in: Glasgow – Engineering and Aviation. Barrow-in-Furness – Engineering. Leeds – Aviation and Rail Hospitality and Administration. Manchester – Aviation and Rail Hospitality. Preston – Administration and Manufacturing. Liverpool – Aviation and Rail Hospitality Birmingham – Aviation and Rail Hospitality Bristol – Aviation and Rail Hospitality London – Aviation and Rail Hospitality Rochester – Engineering and Administration Portsmouth – Engineering Interested in our Training and Recruitment services? Get in touch! Contact us Current Vacancies Launch Recruitment works on behalf of a number of clients in almost every sector. From technical professions to a variety of different Apprenticeship opportunities. Search our current vacancies by clicking below. Search our jobs Get in Touch To find out more about who we are and services we offer, contact us on 0191 261 8456 . Alternatively e-mail . We’re available on social media also, tweet us, nudge us or poke us, we don’t mind. Contact us Twitter has returned errors: “Rate limit exceeded [error code: 88]” More information on errors that have codes here . © Copyright 2016 The Launch Group. All rights reserved. Home Training Recruitment Enterprise Marketing Design Insurance Contact "
 ISB Hyderabad Invites Applications for PGP Programme 2017 Home Home MANAGEMENT Colleges By State MBA Colleges in Andhra Pradesh MBA Colleges in Assam MBA Colleges in Delhi NCR MBA Colleges in Karnataka MBA Colleges in Madhya Pradesh MBA Colleges in Maharashtra MBA Colleges in Punjab View All By City Management Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Management Colleges in New Delhi Management Colleges in Hyderabad Management Colleges in Andhra Pradesh - Other Management Colleges in Pune Management Colleges in Mumbai Management Colleges in Chennai View All Featured Colleges TimesPro School of Management, BML Munjal University Top Colleges Top 10 MBA Colleges in India Exams Top Exams SRMCAT MICAT GMAT ATMA SET AP ICET TS ICET View All Colleges for Admission Colleges accepting SRMCAT Colleges accepting MICAT Colleges accepting GMAT Colleges accepting ATMA Colleges accepting SET Colleges accepting AP ICET Colleges accepting TS ICET Course & Career Popular Careers Brand Consultant Marketing Research View All By Stream General Management BBA / BBM Marketing / Brand / Advertising Finance / Financial HR / Human Resource International Business (IB) Information Technology (IT) View All Discussions Latest Discussions test test test testtest testtest testtest testtest te... reviews about shanti business school needed!!?? Suggestions required hello sir i want admission in mba full time but i am ... GMAT fee - after GMAT fee waiver Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test not getting good score in MOCKS View All Popular Discussions i am in 10th and I want to do hotel management what s... i am recieving cals frm fazlani altius business schoo... Query about MBA distance education. Looking for part time MBA HR Course Need some advice on course selection I got 80.38 percentile in CAT 2015 without any prepar... hy i am in 12th commerce..i am thinking of doing hote... View All Articles Latest Articles SICSR Announces MBA Admissions 2017 Open; Registratio... Tezpur University MBA Admissions 2017 Begin IITs, IIMs to Turn Multidisciplinary for World Class ... The 10 Most Popular MBA Entrance Exams in India St. Andrews Institute of Technology and Management Co... How to Start, Lead and Conclude a Group Discussion (G... How Group Discussion Tips Can Help You Succeed View All Popular Articles All about Symbiosis National Aptitude Test (SNAP) CIMAGE College, Patna 2013 admission on for various c... AIMS ATMA July 2013 Results Announced Invertis University, Bareilley admissions 2013 MBA Admissions in Madhya Pradesh 2016 Business Management: Not Merely a Qualification Symbiosis MBA Admission 2017 Begins View All Tools College Planner Find the right college for yourself Compare Colleges Let our tool to help you out totake desciion Salary Predictor Discover your earning potential Career Recommendation Test Take the test to know about the best career fit for you ENGINEERING Colleges By State Engineering Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Engineering Colleges in Delhi NCR Engineering Colleges in Karnataka Engineering Colleges in Kerala Engineering Colleges in Madhya Pradesh Engineering Colleges in Maharashtra Engineering Colleges in Punjab View All By City Engineering Colleges in Andhra Pradesh - Other Engineering Colleges in Chennai Engineering Colleges in Tamil Nadu - Other Engineering Colleges in Hyderabad Engineering Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Engineering Colleges in New Delhi Engineering Colleges in Kolkata / Calcutta View All Featured Colleges NMIMS' Mukesh Patel School of Technology Management &... Shivalik College of Engineering Bharati Vidyapeeth's College of Engineering, Lavale Top Colleges Top 10 Engineering Colleges in India Top 10 Mechanical Engineering Colleges Exams Top Exams UPSEE AP EAMCET BCECE KIITEE Engineering TANCET SRMJEEE WBJEE (Engineering) View All Colleges for Admission Colleges accepting UPSEE Colleges accepting AP EAMCET Colleges accepting BCECE Colleges accepting KIITEE Engineering Colleges accepting TANCET Colleges accepting SRMJEEE Colleges accepting WBJEE (Engineering) Course & Career By Stream Computer Science Engineering General Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Civil Engineering Distance Engineering View All Discussions Latest Discussions Diploma in Mechatronics admission in your college query regarding conducting exams please give railway engenering entrance examination I want to do software engineering after 12 what is th... about software engineering want to know how to take admition in this college View All Popular Discussions how can i get admission ipu through management quota ... Hi i m Going to take admission in Amity university no... I want to do software engineering after 12 what is th... i am studying 12th science. i want to become pilot. w... what are the best JOB ORIENTED electrical courses for... BTECH MARINE LATERAL ENTRY Is there any institute in India which offer courses i... View All Articles Latest Articles JEE Advanced 2017 Important Dates Top Seven IITs to Fix Fee Structures on Their Own Older IITs Decline Govt.s Proposal to Increase Stude... IIT Directors Agree to Disagree with MHRDs Proposals... Government to Set-up Specialized Body to Conduct Entr... NIT Calicut Closes PhD Admissions 2016 on October 24 ... GGSIPU to Host InfoXpression in October View All Popular Articles CEED 2014 will be conducted by IIT Bombay on 1st Dece... Invertis University, Bareilley admissions 2013 UPSEE 2013 counselling notification from Gautam Budh ... IITs Decide Not to Disclose Placement Salaries INNOVA: Annual Techno-Management Fest-Orientation at ... NAAC Peer Teams Visit to YMCA University of Science ... B.Tech Date Sheet Announced by Kolhan University View All Tools College Planner Find the right college for yourself Compare Colleges Let our tool to help you out totake desciion Salary Predictor Discover your earning potential Career Recommendation Test Take the test to know about the best career fit for you DESIGN Colleges By State Design Colleges in Assam Design Colleges in Delhi NCR Design Colleges in Gujarat Design Colleges in Karnataka Design Colleges in Madhya Pradesh Design Colleges in Maharashtra Design Colleges in Punjab View All By City Design Colleges in New Delhi Design Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Design Colleges in Mumbai Design Colleges in Tamil Nadu - Other Design Colleges in Noida Design Colleges in Coimbatore Design Colleges in Chennai View All Top Colleges Top 10 Fashion Colleges in India Exams Top Exams UID Aptitude Test CEED UCEED AIEED View All Colleges for Admission Colleges accepting UID Aptitude Test Colleges accepting CEED Colleges accepting UCEED Colleges accepting AIEED Course & Career Popular Careers Gemologist Stylist Jewellery Designer Interior Designer Apparel Manager Fashion Designer View All By Stream Fashion Design Interior Design Textile Apparel Fashion / Apparel / Visual Merchandising Jewellery / Accessory Fashion Technology Fashion Communication & Styling View All Discussions Latest Discussions test test test testtest testtest testtest testtest te... College in allahabad Is there any seat for diploma for 1 year in designing test test test testtest testtest testtest testtest te... test test test testtest testtest testtest testtest te... Automobile designing Enquiry about courses offered in wlci clg View All Popular Discussions I want to take admission in your college i want to do interior designing after 12th... but i m... hi htcampus test user hi htcampus test userhi htcampu... Enquiry about Interior Designing courses Automobile designing Which college is best for bachelor F.des Admission inquiry for Part time courses in Fashion De... View All Articles Latest Articles UCEED 2017: Apply Now! NID 2017 Application Form Rendezvous with the Fashion World! CEED 2017 Exam Date Announced CEED Result 2017 CEED 2017 Application Process has Begun CEED 2017 Exam Pattern View All Popular Articles FDCI, Pearl Academy Collaborate to Nurture the Design... AIFD invites applications for Creative Aptitude Test ... Maitreyi College shines as Top Society (Fashion) in D... Business India Institute of Finance in New Delhi Indias first design university to spread its wings Download UCEED 2016 Answers Key The Technocraft View All Tools College Planner Find the right college for yourself Compare Colleges Let our tool to help you out totake desciion Salary Predictor Discover your earning potential Career Recommendation Test Take the test to know about the best career fit for you ANIMATION Colleges By State Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Andhra... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Delhi ... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Gujara... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Karnat... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Madhya... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Mahara... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Punjab View All By City Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Chenna... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in New De... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Mumbai Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Bangal... Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Noida Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Pune Animation, Multimedia & Web Design Colleges in Kolkat... View All Course & Career Popular Careers Graphic Designer View All By Stream 3D / 2D Animation VFX / Visual Effect Graphic Design Web Design & Development Multimedia Game Design / Development View All Discussions Latest Discussions Your Contact Number fee structure...time period of courses....% discount ... i am interested in Visual effects i want to make my c... i need to know the basic things to start working on t... Query on bachelor in animation lowest salary in this feild best general price institute View All Popular Discussions need admission in animation TELL ME THE GOVERNMENT COLLAGES OF ADVERTISING<br> how can I become an animator? How to become a animator ? Salary after 5 year programme test test test test test test test test test test tes... graphic and web design View All Articles Latest Articles CEED 2017: Application Forms, Eligibility Criteria, E... School Kid Develops Gaming App to Raise Money to Educ... Career in Animation in India: Magic Beyond Imaginatio... Birla Institute of Technology Invites Applications fo... UGC Making Plans to Resolve DUs Admission Travails Careers After 12th In Animation & Multimedia How Can I Become a Multimedia Professional? View All Popular Articles BIT Jaipur Invites Applications for B. Sc (Hons.) in ... Winners for National Rounds of WorldSkills Competitio... 5 Skills You Must Have to Pursue a Fruitful Career in... IGNOU announces new Programmes in Disability DU offers web chat for admission anxiety ARTOVATION 2014: Cultural youth fest at Prayag Mahila... MAAC Students Attempt to Feature in the Limca Book of... View All Tools College Planner Find the right college for yourself Compare Colleges Let our tool to help you out totake desciion Salary Predictor Discover your earning potential Career Recommendation Test Take the test to know about the best career fit for you MORE Banking & Finance Colleges by Stream Commerce Finance Chartered Accountant / Accountancy Actuary Risk Management Banking & Insurance View All Colleges by State Banking & Finance Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Banking & Finance Colleges in Delhi NCR Banking & Finance Colleges in Karnataka Banking & Finance Colleges in Kerala Banking & Finance Colleges in Madhya Pradesh View All Colleges by City Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Colleges in New Delhi Colleges in Mumbai Colleges in Pune Colleges in Karnataka - Other View All Exams IBPS PO/ MT IBPS Clerk IBPS SO IBPS RRB SBI Clerk View All Travel & Hospitality Colleges by Stream Tourism Management Hotel Management Food Production / Catering Travel & Ticketing Event Management View All Colleges by State Aviation, Hospitality & Tourism Colleges in Andhra Pr... Aviation, Hospitality & Tourism Colleges in Delhi NCR Aviation, Hospitality & Tourism Colleges in Karnataka Aviation, Hospitality & Tourism Colleges in Kerala Aviation, Hospitality & Tourism Colleges in Maharasht... View All Colleges by City Colleges in New Delhi Colleges in Mumbai Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Colleges in Chennai Colleges in Kolkata / Calcutta View All Exams NCHMCT - JEE CET (GGSIPU) BHMCT View All Information Technology Colleges by Stream MCA BCA Information Technology Computer Training Embedded Systems View All Colleges by State Computers & IT Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Computers & IT Colleges in Delhi NCR Computers & IT Colleges in Gujarat Computers & IT Colleges in Karnataka Computers & IT Colleges in Kerala View All Colleges by City Colleges in Andhra Pradesh - Other Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Colleges in Hyderabad Colleges in Chennai Colleges in Pune View All Exams IIT JAM NIMCET IT Jobs CET (GGSIPU) BCA View All Medicine & Healthcare Colleges by Stream Medical Sciences Pharmacy Physiotherapy Nursing Fitness Training View All Colleges by State Medicine / Health Care Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Medicine / Health Care Colleges in Delhi NCR Medicine / Health Care Colleges in Gujarat Medicine / Health Care Colleges in Karnataka Medicine / Health Care Colleges in Kerala View All Colleges by City Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Colleges in New Delhi Colleges in Mumbai Colleges in Chennai Colleges in Kolkata / Calcutta View All Exams KIITEE Medical KEAM WBJEE (Medical) AIPGMEE NEET PG View All Media, Films & Journalism Colleges by Stream Journalism Mass Comm Film Making / Direction Public Relations / Advertising Media Management View All Colleges by State Media, Films & Journalism Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Media, Films & Journalism Colleges in Delhi NCR Media, Films & Journalism Colleges in Karnataka Media, Films & Journalism Colleges in Kerala Media, Films & Journalism Colleges in Maharashtra View All Colleges by City Colleges in Mumbai Colleges in New Delhi Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Colleges in Kolkata / Calcutta Colleges in Noida View All Science Colleges by Stream General Sciences Maths Chemistry Environmental science Physics View All Colleges by State Sciences Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Sciences Colleges in Delhi NCR Sciences Colleges in Goa Sciences Colleges in Karnataka Sciences Colleges in Kerala View All Colleges by City Colleges in New Delhi Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Colleges in Mumbai Colleges in Kolkata / Calcutta Colleges in Chennai View All Exams Maths Olympiad View All Law Colleges by Stream Corporate Law International Law View All Colleges by State Law Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Law Colleges in Delhi NCR Law Colleges in Gujarat Law Colleges in Karnataka Law Colleges in Kerala View All Colleges by City Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Colleges in Mumbai Colleges in New Delhi Colleges in Kolkata / Calcutta Colleges in Ghaziabad View All Exams Civil Services Aptitude Test (CSAT) AILET CLAT View All Languages / Art / Literature Colleges by Stream Languages & Literature Indian Languages Philosophy Foreign Languages Economics View All Colleges by State Languages, Arts & Humanities Colleges in Andhra Prade... Languages, Arts & Humanities Colleges in Assam Languages, Arts & Humanities Colleges in Delhi NCR Languages, Arts & Humanities Colleges in Karnataka Languages, Arts & Humanities Colleges in Kerala View All Colleges by City Colleges in New Delhi Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru Colleges in Mumbai Colleges in Kolkata / Calcutta Colleges in Karnataka - Other View All Professional / Vocational Colleges by Stream Education & Teaching Medical Laboratory Technician Vocational Courses Office Administration / Professional Development Games and Sports View All Colleges by State Professional / Vocational Courses Colleges in Andhra ... Professional / Vocational Courses Colleges in Delhi N... Professional / Vocational Courses Colleges in Gujarat Professional / Vocational Courses Colleges in Karnata... Professional / Vocational Courses Colleges in Kerala View All Colleges by City Colleges in New Delhi Colleges in Mumbai Colleges in Meerut Colleges in Kolkata / Calcutta Colleges in Bangalore / Bengaluru View All Exams Assam TET UPSC SCRA UGC NET Combined Defence Services (CDS) NTSE View All Discussions Exams Articles Study Abroad Loading.. Home Articles & News ISB Hyderabad Invites Applications for PGP Programme 2017 ISB Hyderabad Invites Applications for PGP Programme 2017 Updated by: Vinod Sharma on 09 Sep. 2016 JEE Main 2017 Important Dates 1 Alerts Tagged in: ISB PGP Admission ISB Hyderabad PGP Admission ISB PGP 2017 Admission ISB PGP ISB PGP 2017 Admission The Indian Institute of Business (ISB), Hyderabad invites applications from the eligible and interested candidates for its Post Graduation Programme for the academic session 2017. The Indian Institute of Business (ISB), Hyderabad recently released a notification for inviting applications from eligible and interested candidates for its one year Post Graduate Programme (PGP) in management for the academic session 2017-18. The aspirants need to apply on the official website of ISB Hyderabad. The last date to apply for the cycle 1 admission is October 15, 2016 and January 15, 2017 for cycle 2. ISB Hyderabad PGP 2017 Eligibility Criteria The interested candidates should necessarily have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent from a recognized institute/university in any discipline with a valid GRE/GMAT scores and at least 24 months of full-time post qualification work experience until March 31, 2017. Candidates who don’t have English as a language of instruction at undergraduate level need to submit TOEFL/IELTS/PTE scores too. To apply under the Early Entry Cycle 1 for a deferred admission, candidates need to have 24 months of full-time post qualification experience by March 31, 2017. Applying for either of the two cycles will have no impact on candidate’s chances to secure an admission. However, ISB advises candidates to apply in the cycle 1. ISB Hyderabad PGP 2017 Application Process Candidates who want to take admission in BSB Hyderabad need to apply on the official website of ISB www.isb.edu where they need to register with the valid email ID. On the admission page , candidates will have to fill in the relevant details in the prescribed format. Even those who are reapplying this year need to create a fresh login id and password. Applications that are duly filled; complete and error-free will be reviewed by the admissions’ office and the shortlisted applicants will be invited for the interview. ISB Hyderabad PGP 2017 Application Fee The application fee for the ISB Hyderabad PGP course for the academic session 2017 and early entry option (PGP deferred) for the first time candidates is INR 5000 and INR 2500 for the re-applicants. ISB Hyderabad PGP 2016 Important Dates The ISB Hyderabad PGP 2017 candidates need to keep the following dates in mind to ensure they don’t miss any important detail in the whole process. Event Cycle 1 Cycle 2 Application Deadline October 15, 2016 January 15, 2017 Offer Decision -1 November 10, 2016 February 10, 2017 Offer Decision -2 December 5, 2016 March 5, 2017 Acceptance Date 10 days from the date of offer ISB Hyderabad PGP 2017 Selection Procedure Since there is no cut off criteria applied either to academic performance or the GMAT/GRE score, ISB evaluates 12th standards grades, graduation grades, post graduation grades and certification scores whenever and wherever applicable along with valid GMAT/GRE score. Candidates are also evaluated based on the basis of the initiative they have taken, responsibilities handled and career progress achieved till date other than the professional recommendation letter they have submitted. For the shortlisted candidates, personal interview will be conducted only in Delhi, Bengaluru, Mohali, Hyderabad and Mumbai. Those who are based out of India can opt for a telephonic interview or Skype video conferencing interview if they get shortlisted for ISB Hyderabad PGP 2017 programme. PGP Programme fees, scholarships and loans ISB’s PGP programme is developed in association with international management schools such as The Fletcher School, London Business School, MIT Sloan School of Management and Wharton, Kellogg School of Management. Hence, it is among the premium prices schools. Candidates can check for the PGP programme fee, scholar ships and other details here. Particulars Shared Accommodation Studio Accommodation Admission fee (non-refundable) + applicable GOI taxes to be paid at offer acceptance Rs. 2,50,000 Rs. 2,50,000 Tuition & other costs - Payable by April 7, 2017 Tuition Fee Rs. 21,50,000 Rs. 21,50,000 Campus accommodation Rs. 2,00,000 Rs. 3,15,000 One time contribution for lifetime use of campus libraries & recreation centres Rs. 5,000 Rs. 5,000 Total Fee Rs. 26,05,000 Rs. 27,20,000 Add: Service Tax + Cess (Net Present Rate: 15%) Rs. 3,90,750 Rs. 4,08,000 Total Fees (inclusive of taxes) Rs. 29,95,750 Rs. 31,28,000 ISB Alumni Association membership contribution Rs. 15,000 Rs. 15,000 Interest-free refundable security deposit Rs. 15,000 Rs. 15,000 Total amount payable Rs. 30,25,750 Rs. 31,58,000 For International students Total amount payable (approximate) $ 45,000 $ 47,000 Also on HTCampus All About MBA Admissions in India 2016 DMI Patna Invites Applications for PGP in Development Management Programme SIIB Pune Invites Applications for MBA Programmes 2017 MDI Gurgaon PGP 2017 Admission Open: Apply Now! IRMA Invites Applications for PGD in Rural Management Programme 2017 NICMAR Announces NCAT 2017 Exam Dates University of Hyderabad Welcomes Applications for MBA Admission 2017 Birla Institute of Management Technology Invites Applications for PGDM 2016 Programme SP Jain Institute of Management and Research Opens Admissions for PGDM Program 2017 XLRI Announces XL-RAPT 2017 Exam Dates Category : MBA colleges in India 1 Likes | 0 Dislikes Want help with admissions? Click here Is it hard to find the right college? The journey to find the right college for your profile can be a tedious process.But we can make the journey pleasant and help you pick the right one's for you. For more click on Assist me Assist Me Article Posted by: Vinod Sharma A writer by chance and an eager learner, Vinod is a fun loving and jovial person. He lives life the way it comes and aims for perfection in personal and professional life. 233 Articles 263 Likes Leave Your Comments Views or Questions here Submitting Details Related Articles View all Goa Institute of Management Starts PGDM Admissions 2017 by: Dhanshri on 19 Oct. 2016 SICSR Announces MBA Admissions 2017 Open; Registration Cl... by: Snigdha on 19 Oct. 2016 Tezpur University MBA Admissions 2017 Begin by: Dhanshri on 18 Oct. 2016 IITs, IIMs to Turn Multidisciplinary for World Class Inst... by: Snigdha on 18 Oct. 2016 St. Andrews Institute of Technology and Management Conduc... by: HTCampus on 18 Oct. 2016 Latest Exams View all CAT JMET SNAP MAT IBSAT All Management Entrance Exams Related Career Options View all Marketing Research What makes a shopper choose liquid soap over a bar soap? How effective are deals and discounts... Digital Marketing Manager Simply put, Digital Marketing is the use of internet for advertisements & publicity. Web b... Engineering Manager Engineering Management is concerned with the application of engineering principles to the busi... Supply Chain Manager Supply Chain Management (SCM) is an integrated approach that focuses on the management of good... Entrepreneur Entrepreneurship means generation of a unique business idea and setting up an enterprise to fa... Related Colleges Institute of Management Study, Kolkata Institute of Rural Management, Anand Indira Gandhi National Open University, School of Engineering & Technology NIILM Centre for Management Studies Institute of Management Development and Research, Pune Like us on facebook Trending Searches How to Prepare JEE Mains/Advanced Top 10 Career Courses Last Minute Prep Tips JEE 2016 How to Prepare for NMAT How to Solve CAT in 2:30 Hrs Tips to Crack IIFT IIMC Preparation Tips How to Prepare CAT, SNAP Data Interpretation Pros n Cons : Regular, Part Time or Executive MBA IIT JEE Self Study Tips MAT Preparation Secrets Group Discussion Tips Crack IIT JEE without Coaching Tips to Crack CAT New Pattern Do's n Don't Do's During GD MBA in India Vs MBA Abroad MBA Course & Specialization Tips to Solve D.I. in XAT, MAT Dual Degree in Engineering or Management Best Professional Courses in India MBA Interview Questions How Start, Lead, Conclude GD JEE Main: Tips to Boost Confidence Last Minute Tips JEE Advanced 2016 Why MBA Specialization in Emerging Trends ? How To Prepare for MAT Top 10 Courses After Class 12th Career Searches Career Options Civil Engineering Career in Science Career in Genetic Engineering Career Prospects in Economics Career Scope BCA, MCA Career in BioTechnology Career in Politics & Law Career in Design/Multimedia after 12th Career Scope Fashion Designing Career in Media & Journalism Career for MBA's in Automobile Industry Careers for Engineers in Automobile Industry Career in Banking Finance Career Opportunities Industrial Engineering Career in Nuclear Engineering Career in Arts Career Scope Electrical/Electronics Career in Journalism after 12th Career Prospects MBA Finance Career Prospects Merchant Navy Career in Legal Sector Career in Vocational Courses Career Prospects in Textile Career Opportunities Rural Management Career in Marine Engineering Career in Chemical Engineering Career in Mechanical Engineering Trending on HTCampus SICSR Announces MBA Admissions 2017 Open; Registration Closes on January 6 Tezpur University MBA Admissions 2017 Begin IITs, IIMs to Turn Multidisciplinary for World Class Institution Tag St. Andrews Institute of Technology and Management Conducts B.Tech, BBA, BCA Exam MBA 2017 Admissions Announced by S P Jain School of Global Management IIM-Indore Receives its First International Accreditation WeSchool Pays Tribute to Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam on his Birth Anniversary Unleash Your Entrepreneurial Sprit with GGSIPU’s Start-Up Boot Camp 2016 EDII- IFIM tie up to Nurture Budding Entrepreneurs Mangalayatan University Organises Workshop for ‘Siraj Chacha’ Project After IIT, IIM Jammu Gets Green Light from Union Cabinet Kurukshetra University Announces Admissions for Distance Education Courses 2017 Open Alliance University PGDM Admissions SRMCAT 2017 Important Dates JIM Indore Hosts an Industrial Visit to Pratibha Syntex Pvt. Ltd. Amity University Joins Hands with Deloitte to Host a Special Session MAT February 2017 Exam Dates Announced TSICET 2017: Notification, Application Form, Exam Date, Syllabus, Result Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management Opens Admissions for PGDM 2017 NALSAR University MBA Admissions 2017 Begin TSICET 2017 Results Jaipuria Indore Emphasises on the Importance of Indecipherable Business Jargon TSICET 2017 Counselling Admissions Open for Distance Courses at Mangalore University SET 2017 Result SSCBS Bags 2nd Position at Enactus World Cup 2016 IAMR to Host BBA/BCA Internal Exam 2016 Top Searches Engineering Colleges in Allahabad Engineering Colleges in Agra MBA Colleges in Madhya Pradesh Engineering Colleges in Karnataka MBA Colleges in Haryana Engineering Colleges in Guwahati Engineering Colleges in Chhattisgarh MBA Colleges in Guwahati Engineering Colleges in Rohtak MBA Colleges in Jharkhand Engineering Colleges in Chennai MBA Colleges in Orissa MBA Distance Learning Colleges MBA Colleges in Allahabad Engineering Colleges in Kolkata MBA Colleges in Karnataka Engineering Colleges in Jharkhand Engineering Colleges in Orissa MBA Colleges in Agra Banking Colleges in India MBA Colleges in Bihar Engineering Colleges in Delhi Engineering colleges in Assam MBA Colleges in Trichy Engineering Colleges in Rajasthan MBA Colleges in Kolkata MBA Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Most Viewed MBA Colleges in Bangalore MBA Colleges in Coimbatore MBA Colleges in Hyderabad MBA Colleges in Gaziabad MBA Colleges in Mumbai MBA Colleges in Ahmedabad MBA Colleges in Lucknow MBA Colleges in Greater Noida Engineering Colleges in Indore Engineering Colleges in Hyderabad MBA Colleges in Jaipur Engineering Colleges in Mangalore Engineering Colleges in Bangalore MBA Colleges in Chennai Engineering Colleges in Chandigarh MBA Colleges in Pune Engineering Colleges in Mysore Engineering Colleges in Ahmedabad Engineering Colleges in Pune Engineering Colleges in Coimbatore Engineering Colleges in Trichy MBA Colleges in Indore MBA Colleges in Chandigarh Engineering Colleges in Lucknow Engineering Colleges in Bhopal Engineering Colleges in Mumbai Home Career Options Studyabroad Career Articles Career After 12th ? Courses After 12th Arts Career After 12th Arts Why Career in Pharmacy What After 12th Science What After 12th Medical News & Notifications Discussion Forum MBA Colleges in Punjab MBA Colleges in Rajasthan MBA Colleges in Gujarat MBA Colleges in Tamilnadu MBA Colleges in Uttar Pradesh Engg Colleges in Maharashtra Science (B.Sc) Colleges in India Vocational Colleges in India BBA Colleges in Delhi BBA Colleges in Hyderabad BBA Colleges in Kolkata BBA Colleges in Mumbai BBA Colleges in India Sitemap Job Search HTCampus Articles IBPS PO Application IBPS PO Criteria IBPS Important Dates IBPS PO Paper Pattern Top 10 MBA Colleges in India CAT 2016 Entrance Dates Out Top 10 B School in India Top 10 B School in Delhi NCR Best Study Abroad Courses after 12th Top 10 Engineering Colleges India Top 20 Engineering Colleges in India Top 10 Engineering Colleges in Hyderabad Engg Colleges in Uttar Pradesh Engineering Colleges in MP Engg Colleges in Tamilnadu Engineering Colleges in Bihar Engineering Colleges in Kerala Engineering Colleges in Gujarat Engineering Colleges in Punjab Engg Colleges in Andhra Pradesh Engg Colleges in Maharastra Resource Library Check College Right For You Salary Calculator CAT Percentile Predictor Compare Colleges Popular Entrance Exams MBA Entrance Exams Engineering Entrance Exams Fashion Entrance Exams Banking Entrance Exams Top 10 Engineering Colleges in Bangalore Top 10 Engineering Colleges in Chennai Top 5 BE/B.Tech Colleges in Delhi Top 10 Engineering Colleges in Tamilnadu Top 10 DU's Commerce Colleges Top 100 Engineering Colleges 50 Best Engg Colleges in India 50 Best MBA Colleges in India MBBS Institutes in India Exams CAT Accepting Colleges MAT Accepting Colleges XAT Accepting Colleges CMAT Accepting Colleges SNAP Accepting Colleges GMAT Accepting Colleges Colleges Accepting ATMA Score Colleges Accepting IIFT Score BITSAT Accepting Colleges WBJEE Accepting Colleges VITEEE Accepting Colleges GATE CS Accepting Colleges KIITEE Accepting Colleges CAT Mock Tests MAT Mock Tests XAT Mock Tests CMAT Mock Tests JEE Mains Mock Tests JEE Advance Mock Tests BITSAT Mock Tests CAT Discussions MAT Discussions XAT Discussions DU College Predictor 2016 Contact HtCampus For Sales & Partnership htcampus@hindustantimes.com For Social Media social@htcampus.com Check Latest Exams Results Resultsout.htcampus.com Social Connect Follow @htcampus Partner Sites Contact HTCampus Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2016 Firefly e-Ventures Ltd Stay Connected with HTCampus & Make a Difference to Your Education! Get information on 30000+ colleges. Explore career in MBA, Engineering & more! Chance to interact with top education experts. Stay ahead in exams with online mock tests. Read latest articles on education. Please Wait.. Hey! About to go? Leave your details for our Experts to help you with Colleges and Admissions! I Agree to the T&C & allow HTCampus to contact me For better browsing experience on the website, please upgrade your browser Upgrade Now Or you can shift to one of these browsers Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Opera I agree to the T & C of HTcampus We have a new mobile site. For a better user experience, check it now "
  Galerija umjetnina grada Slavonskog Broda | Naslovna O nama Povijest Galerija Ruži? Kabinet akvarela Spomen-dom Dragutin Tadijanovi? Program Stalni postav Izložbe Dokumenti Pristup informacijama Odluka o odre?ivanju službenika za informiranje Katalog informacija Galerije umjetnina Referentna stranica Zahtjev za pristup informacijama Plan nabave Plan nabave za 2016. godinu Plan nabave za 2015. godinu Financijska izvješ?a Odluka o usvajanju financijskog izvješ?a Izvješ?e za 12 mjeseci 2015. Financijsko izvješ?e za 2014. Kontakt Naslovna O nama Povijest Galerija Ruži? Kabinet akvarela Spomen-dom Dragutin Tadijanovi? Program Stalni postav Izložbe Dokumenti Pristup informacijama Odluka o odre?ivanju službenika za informiranje Katalog informacija Galerije umjetnina Referentna stranica Zahtjev za pristup informacijama Plan nabave Plan nabave za 2016. godinu Plan nabave za 2015. godinu Financijska izvješ?a Odluka o usvajanju financijskog izvješ?a Izvješ?e za 12 mjeseci 2015. Financijsko izvješ?e za 2014. Kontakt Vijesti Komemoracija povodom smrti Predraga Golla 18/10/2016 17. listopada u 10 sati održana je sve?ana komemoracija povodom smrti Predraga Golla(1931.-2016.) u Domu Dragutina Tadijanov?a. Vijesti Umro Predrag Goll, akademski slikar i prvi ravnatelj Galerije umjetnina grada Slavonskog Broda 13/10/2016 U osamdeset petoj godini umro je Predrag Goll, akademski slikar (Pisarovina, 15. X 1931- 13-X 2016). Gimnaziju u Slavonskom Brodu je maturirao 1952. godine Na zagreba?koj ALU diplomiralo je slikarstvo… Vijesti Izložba Branka Ruži?a u Muzeju grada Kaštela 06/10/2016 U utorak, 25. listopada u 19:30 otvara se izložba Branko Ruži? – skulpture i gvaševi u Muzeju grada Kaštela,Dvorac Vitturi, Kaštel Lukši?. Izložba je to nastala me?umuzejskom suradnjom Galerije umjetnina… Vijesti Otvoren 7. hrvatski triennale akvarela u Slavonskom Brodu 16/09/2016 Ju?er je sve?ano otvorena izložba 7. hrvatskog triennala akvarela. Projekt zapo?et u suradnji sa Gradskim muzejem grada Karlovca doživio je i svoje sedmo izdanje. Prvi hrvatski triennale akvarela imao je… Vijesti 37. saziv Likovne kolonije “Sava” 14/09/2016 U Likovnom salonu „Vladimir Beci?“ 9. rujna 2016. otvorena je izložba radova 36. saziva Akvarelisti?ke kolonije „Sava“ , a 11. rujna završio je radni dio novoga 37. saziva. Izložba prethodnog… 1 2 3 … 5 Arhiva listopad 2016 rujan 2016 kolovoz 2016 lipanj 2016 svibanj 2016 travanj 2016 sije?anj 2016 travanj 2015 studeni 2013 sije?anj 2013 travanj 2012 Dokumenti Referentna stranica Plan nabave za 2015. godinu Plan nabave za 2016. godinu Odluka o usvajanju financijskog izvješ?a Izvješ?e za 12 mjeseci 2015. Financijsko izvješ?e za 2014. godinu Odluka o odre?ivanju službenika za informiranje Katalog informacija Galerije umjetnina Zahtjev za pristup informacijama Copyright © Galerija umjetnina grada Slavonskog Broda. Sva prava pridržana. "
70, Kapil Jain: ISB builds roadmap for PGPMAX like they do for PGP Skip to main content IdeaScale Search Keywords Search Register Log in Community Logo PGPMAX Ideas Toggle navigation More Pages Welcome Ideas Let's put our ideas to work. Search Submit New Idea Campaign: Branding by ISB Kapil Jain: ISB builds roadmap for PGPMAX like they do for PGP ISB should build a roadmap for PGPMAX similar to the way they do it for PGP Submitted by bhat_dittakavi2013 in Jan 2013 Tags Share this idea: Facebook Twitter Google+ Voting 8 votes I agree +1 Vote I disagree -1 Vote Active In Review In Progress Completed Active Idea No. 27 Idea Details Comments [0] Usage statistics [-] 52 ideas posted 8 comments 426 votes 107 users View the Leaderboard Active Campaigns [-] All Ideas Branding by ISB Branding by Participants Career by ISB Career by Participants Archived Campaigns [-] Brainstorming for Bhasker's Dairy Leaderboard [-] bhat_dittakavi2013 1933 points 1 bindumalini_krishnan2013 405 points 2 sekhar_chebolu2013 131 points 3 Raghubabu_Gunturu2013 122 points 4 Gaurav_mahindra 104 points 5 Sivakumar_Nanthan2013 66 points 6 Dhiroj_Padhy2013 35 points 7 Dhulipala_prabhu2013 30 points 8 narayananmswamy 29 points 9 amit_duhlani2013 18 points 10 [ View All ] What we're discussing [-] isb isb facilitated brand pgpmax old boys network :) Social Web [-] Facebook Twitter Google+ Subscribe [-] New Ideas RSS Feed Top Ideas RSS Feed New Comments RSS Feed Powered By Copyright © 2016 IdeaScale Change Management | Contact | Change Management | Widget | IdeaScale Privacy Policy | IdeaScale Cookie Policy 
71,NA
  Essays Isb Admission Laman Utama Kenali Kami Sejarah Penubuhan Strategi Utama Objektif Korporat Visi & Misi Ahli Lembaga Pemegang Amanah Teras Utama Pendidikan Dakwah Kebajikan / Kecemasan Hubungi Kami Alamat Direktori Staf Pejabat Pengurus Besar Unit Kewangan Unit Pentadbiran dan Sumber Manusia Unit Kebajikan Unit Teknologi Maklumat Unit Pendidikan Pertanyaan, Aduan, Cadangan Joomla 1.5 Template By Youjoomla.com Laman Utama Subscribe to this RSS feed Essays Isb Admission Essays Isb Admission ISB essays help - Best MBA Admission Consultants & MBA ... ISB essays help, ISB 2016-17 deadlines and ISB essay editing service along with sample essay analysis by best ISB application consultants. ISB PGP Admission Essay Tips - Vibranture ISB PGP 2015-2016 MBA Admission Essay Writing Tips, ISB has come up with a brand new set of essays this year. Though there are flavors from past years essays , this ... ISB Essays - MBA Admission Gurus Victorious ISB (Indian School of Business) Essay Samples on Career Goals, Differentiation from competition, Student body speech, more; Concise PGP/MBA Essays ISB Hyderabad - ISB Admission , ISB Essays And ISB Hyderabad MBA ISB Hyderabad - Providing information about ISB Hyderabad, ISB Admission , ISB Essays , ISB Hyderabad MBA, Indian School of Business and ISB one year program from ... ISB Essays Analysis for 2016 - 2017 - Admission crackverbal Struggling with writing your ISB essays ? Read our authoritative ISB essays analysis for effective techniques on writing essays that can win over the AdCom! ISB Online admission page - Indian School of Business ( ISB ) Candidates can apply online for admission to the ISB's Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP). The Registration process is fairly easy and simple. ISB MBA Essay Writing Support - Vibranture ISB 2016-2017 MBA PGP Essay Writing, Class of 2015 2016 Essay Editing, Essay Tips, Essay Analysis, application deadlines, attitude, skills, knowledge, two examples ... ISB essay editing help and consulting from top ISB alumni ... Premium ISB admissions essays and application help from top ISB alumni. Story creation, essays , application strategy. Outstanding success rates. ISB Admissions , Application Consulting, Essay & Interview ... ISB Admissions & Application ... and having mentored 1000+ ISB applicants, we help you develop a strong set of Application Essays and ... ISBmantra offers ... ISB Essays - Tips And Suggestions; 2016 - EssayLever Tips and Suggestions for writing essays for the application of the PGP program of ISB , Hyderabad, India. Admissions - Indian School of Business ( ISB ) Find all the necessary details about the admission into the Post Graduate Programme in ... Here is something you should know if you are aiming for an admission to ISB : ISB Essays 2014-2015 - MBA Crystal Ball Tips to help you tackle the tricky ISB essay questions, the key application requirement for 2014-2015 admissions . ISB Admission Process and PGP Essays | GenedMBA ISB Admissions Update - There are few changes in ISB Admission process for 2014-15. Know the changes and plan your ISB Application accordingly. goISB Jumpstart your ISB application process with the leader in ISB admissions Get a free profile evaluation ( one on one telephonic session) by an ISB alumnus. Changes in the admissions process to the ISB PGP Class of ... Changes in the admissions process to the ISB PGP Class of ... of being considered by ISB . Essay #5 ... stand a fair chance of admission in ISB as compared to our ... Applying to ISB PGP: Application Essays Explained ... The Official Blog of ISB PGP Admissions Applying to ISB PGP: Application Essays Explained August 14, 2013 by Admissions Director. Best MBA Admissions Consulting in India | Delhi, Bangalore ... MBA Admissions Consulting in India - Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, ... ISB essays 2015-16 | ISB PGP | ISB application 2015; MBA Essays , Analysis, and Deadlines; Admission counseling and GMAT Coaching/training for ISB ISB Application Assistance, ISB Admission counselling and GMAT Coaching/training for ISB YLP, ISB EEO, ISB PGP ISB essay Tips - Tackle ISB's Application Essays for 2013-14 ISB has come out with their application essays for 2013 and there are a few changes from last year. Read more to know the changes and some ISB essay tips. ISB Hyderabad Indian School of Business | Deadlines, Fees ... Serious about getting into the ISB Hyderabad MBA? Read all about admissions , deadlines, fees, class profile, essay writing tips, blogs. ISB -PGP MBA Essay Questions 2016 - 2017 and Writing Tips View ISB -PGP MBA Essays Writing Tips 2016 - 2017 and avail ISB -PGP Essays Editing Services ISB Application details- ISB Application form, Application ... ISB Application form, ISB essays , ISB letter of recommendation . ... It is through your application essays that the ISB admissions committee understands your story, ... 2017 MBA Application: Indian School of Business ( ISB ) Get expert advice on how to write the best possible application essays for Indian School of Business. Have a question? Leave a comment and we'll respond. How to approach ISB essays for 2016 intake - Quora How do I approach ISB essays for 2017 intake? How do I join ISB Hyderabad? ... How much time does it take to complete the ISB admission process, like writing essays ? 2014-15 ISB PGP Essay Tips - f1gmat.com Indian School of Business ( ISB ) has released the essays for 2014-15 admission cycle. The total word count of essays is 800 words, with three essays . Apphelp: #1 MBA admission consultant in India - Essay review ... Apphelp in # 1 MBA admissions consultant in India. Team of 80 B school alumni, 80% success rate Writing an admissions essay . 10 topics to avoid There are thousands of great subjects for your college admission essay . But, learn few you should avoid to get a successful result ISB Admission Essays - some thoughts and some good resources ... I have had a couple of friends etc asking about how and what to write in the ISB application essays . While I do NOT claim to be an expert on the ISB admission essay ... 2016 MBA Application: Indian School Of Business ISB MBA 2017 Essays Question, Tips and Deadlines. Google Translate. About the school: The Post-Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) is the flagship programme of ISB . Indian School of Business - accepted.com Explore different aspects of the Indian School of Business on the ISB Zone. Find links to essay tips for ISB's application, admissions consulting and editing services ... Website URL: Kenali Kami Sejarah Penubuhan Strategi Utama Objektif Korporat Visi & Misi Ahli Lembaga Pemegang Amanah Teras Utama Pendidikan Dakwah Kebajikan/Kecemasan Hubungi Kami Alamat Pertanyaan, Aduan, Cadangan Hakcipta Terpelihara © 2010 Yayasan Taqwa Wilayah Persekutuan | Dasar Privasi | Dasar Keselamatan | Penafian "
  Myths and Misconceptions About Pgp at Isb - Essay by Veer198 Search Join Login Help Contact Welcome Anti Essays offers essay examples to help students with their essay writing. Sign Up Myths and Misconceptions About Pgp at Isb Essay Below is an essay on ""Myths and Misconceptions About Pgp at Isb"" from Anti Essays, your source for research papers, essays, and term paper examples. Read Full Essay Our reputation as a leader in the world of business education continues to grow, but there’s chance you may not know us as well as you think you do. Let’s take a closer look at some of the myths and misconceptions surrounding what it takes to gain admission to the PGP at the ISB. 1. The GMAT number. Our admissions process focuses on the holistic evaluation of a candidate, not on a test score. The average GMAT score for admitted students ranges between 600 and 780, with a quarter of candidates actually scoring below the mythological number of 700. So what are we looking for in your application? Our admissions process prioritizes quality and competence over all else. Your application offers you the opportunity to dazzle us with your unique credentials and accomplishments, of which the GMAT is only a small part. Don’t count yourself out if your GMAT score is less than 700. We’re ready to give you a chance, but you have to give yourself a chance first. 2. The Million Dollar Question. An MBA is a significant investment in your future as a business leader, and there are indeed associated costs. However, they may not be as steep as you think. ISB’s Rs. 25 lakh fee is all-inclusive, comprising tuition, living and boarding expenses. Compare that to the Rs. 50 to 60 lakhs you might pay in tuition at a comparable global business school — with an additional Rs. 20 to 30 lakhs in living expenses – and ISB starts to look like a deal. Furthermore, our accomplished visiting faculty from the world’s best b-schools offer premier access and exposure to resources that would cost at least triple anywhere else. Factor in that salaries for PGP grads start high and grow exponentially in the years following graduation, and attending ISB is clearly money well spent. 3. Placement Matters. Planning for a career in finance but concerned that your ISB degree won’t make the cut? Our alumni will be the first to tell you otherwise. Firms like Ambit Capital and Kotak Bank regularly... Read Full Essay Submitted by: veer198 on November 22, 2014 Category: College Admissions Length: 498 words Views: 77 Popularity Rank: 485491 4.5 5 1 1 rating(s) Report this Essay Save Paper Related Essays Myths And Misconceptions About Pgp At Isb Myths And Misconceptions About People... Misconceptions About Organic Food Myths In America Essay Myths About Aging Myths And Realities Of Forcible Rape Cyber Crime Aids Mobility In Rsa Is Early Marriage Good Or Bad? Research Paper Pain Assesement Tool Action Learning Lost And Found - a Smart Practice Buide... Hero Legalization Of Marijuana Tornadoes Why Men Rape: Psychology, Prevention, And... Plyometrics Add/Adhd Client Centered Care The Facts About Growth Teenage Pregnancy Wind Power Mental Illness Mental Illiness Government Run Healthcare Case Conceptualization Early Marriages Does Size Really Matter Hello Citations MLA Citation ""Myths and Misconceptions About Pgp at Isb"". Anti Essays. 19 Oct. 2016 <http://www.antiessays.com/free-essays/Myths-And-Misconceptions-About-Pgp-At-679169.html> APA Citation Myths and Misconceptions About Pgp at Isb. Anti Essays . Retrieved October 19, 2016, from the World Wide Web: http://www.antiessays.com/free-essays/Myths-And-Misconceptions-About-Pgp-At-679169.html ©2016 AntiEssays.com Use our essays properly by reading our disclaimer and learning how to cite . Privacy Policy Contact Advertising Copyright Sitemap "
  ISB PGP - Minglebox Education Search - Minglebox Minglebox Home MBA Explore Entrance Exams Location Connect Prepare MBA/PGDM Distance MBA Executive MBA CAT MAT XAT SNAP IBSAT CMAT IIFT NMAT Other Exams Bangalore Chennai Delhi-NCR Kolkata Hyderabad Pune Mumbai Other Cities Specializations Admission Notices Articles Q & A E-books Free Mock Tests Coaching Institutes Engineering Explore Entrance Exams Location Connect Prepare Engineering Colleges Top Ranked Colleges JEE Advanced JEE Main BITSAT KCET EAMCET MHTCET GATE Other Exams Ahmedabad Bangalore Chennai Delhi-NCR Hyderabad Kolkata Mumbai Other Cities Specializations Articles Q & A E-books Admissions & Counselling Coaching Institutes Other Courses Explore Degree Courses Vocational Courses Connect Other Courses Arts BBA/BBM BCA/MCA Commerce Hotel Management Law Medical Science Animation Aviation Banking & Finance Fashion Design Media Retail Software Travel & Tourism Free Online Courses Universites Study Abroad Explore Top Destinations Entrance Exams Connect Study Abroad USA UK Canada Australia New Zealand Russia Europe UAE GRE GMAT TOEFL IELTS SAT LSAT USMLE Consultants Articles Q & A Distance EDU Admissions Explore Latest Notices Admissions MBA Engineering Medical Arts Commerce Science Law Other Notices Q&A LOGIN SIGN UP Login Are you a new user ? Sign Up Remember Me Forgot Password Sign Up Already registered with Minglebox ? Login Current City * AHMEDABAD BANGALORE CHANDIGARH CHENNAI DADRA DAMAN DELHI DIU HYDERABAD KOLKATA MUMBAI NAGAR-HAVELI PUNE CENTRAL-SUBURBS NAVI-MUMBAI SOUTH-MUMBAI FARIDABAD GHAZIABAD GREATER-NOIDA GURGAON ANDAMAN-ISLANDS ANANTAPUR BHIMAVARAM GUNTUR NALGONDA NELLORE RAJAHMUNDRY SRIKAKULAM TIRUPATI VIJAYAWADA ANDHRA PRADESH:OTHER ARUNACHAL PRADESH:OTHER DIBRUGARH DISPUR GUWAHATI ASSAM:OTHER GAYA PATNA RAJGIR BIHAR:OTHER CHHATTISGARH:OTHER CANACONA MAPUSA MARGAO OLD-GOA PANAJI PONDA GOA:OTHER ANAND BARODA BHAVNAGAR DWARKA GANDHINAGAR NADIAD SURAT VADODARA GUJARAT:OTHER HISAR SONEPAT HARYANA:OTHER DHARAMSALA KULLU MANALI HIMACHAL PRADESH:OTHER GULMARG JAMMU PAHALGAM JAMMU AND KASHMIR:OTHER DHANBAD JAMSHEDPUR JHARKHAND:OTHER BAGALOKOT BELGAUM DAVANGERE DHARWAD GULBARGA HAMPI HARIHAR HASSAN HUBLI MANGALORE MANIPAL MYSORE RAMANAGARA TUMKUR KARNATAKA:OTHER ALLEPPEY ERNAKULAM KOCHI KOTTAYAM KOVALAM KOZHIKODE PALAKKAD PATHANAMTHITTA TRICHUR KERALA:OTHER LAKSHADWEEP:OTHER BHOPAL GWALIOR INDORE KHAJURAHO ORCHHA MADHYA PRADESH:OTHER AHMEDNAGAR AURANGABAD KOLHAPUR NAGPUR NASHIK SATARA MAHARASHTRA:OTHER MANIPUR:OTHER MEGHALAYA:OTHER MIZORAM:OTHER NAGALAND:OTHER BALASORE BHUBANESWAR CUTTACK GUNUPUR KONARK PURI ORISSA:OTHER PONDICHERRY:OTHER AMRITSAR BATHINDA JALANDAR LUDHIANA MOHALI PATIALA PHAGWARA PUNJAB:OTHER AJMER ALWAR BANASTHALI BHILWARA BIKANER BUNDI JAIPUR JAISALMER JODHPUR KOTA LAKSHMANGARH RANAKPUR SHEKHAWATI RAJASTHAN:OTHER SIKKIM:OTHER COIMBATORE DINDIGUL ERODE HOSUR KANCHIPURAM KANYAKUMARI KODAIKANAL MADURAI NAGAPATTINAM OOTY RAMESHWARAM SALEM TIRUCHENGODE TAMIL NADU:OTHER ADILABAD JAGTIAL KARIMNAGAR KHAMMAM MAHBUBNAGAR NIZAMABAD RAMAGUNDAM RANGA-REDDY TELANGANA:OTHER AGARTALA TRIPURA:OTHER AGRA ALIGARH ALLAHABAD BAREILLY BIJNOR BULANDSHAHAR GORAKHPUR JAUNPUR KANPUR LUCKNOW MATHURA MEERUT MIRZAPUR MODINAGAR MUZAFFARNAGAR PANTNAGAR UTTAR PRADESH:OTHER DEHRADUN HARIDWAR NAINITAL RISHIKESH UTTARAKHAND:OTHER BERHAMPUR BURDWAN DARJEELING DURGAPUR WEST BENGAL:OTHER Highest Qualification * 10th 11th /PUC 12th B.A. B.Arch B.B.A B.Com B.Ed B.Pharm Bachelor of Physiotherapy B.Sc B.Tech/B.E. BCA BDS BHM B.M.S. BBM BVSc Bachelor tourism and managment Bachelor of Computer Science CA Doctor of Dental science Diploma Integrated PG LLB LLM M.A M.Arch M.Com M.Ed M.Pharm M.Sc M.Tech/M.E. MBA MBBS MCA MCM Master of Physiotherapy MS MVSc PG Diploma PGDBA PGDM Education Preference: Education Interest * Animation and Multimedia Arts and Humanities Aviation BBA/BBM BCA/MCA Commerce and BFSI Distance MBA Engineering Executive Education Fashion Design Hardware and Networking Hospitality & Hotel Management IT Courses- Software Law MBA Media, Films , Mass Communication Medicine and Healthcare Retail Science Travel and Tourism Other Courses Desired Course* UG PG Certification Diploma Mode of Degree* Full Time Part Time Executive Distance/Correspondence Online I accept T&C and Privacy policy to contact me Terms of Use Welcome to minglebox.com, an internet and mobile service that allows users to create personal web profiles and communicate and share content with friends and other users. The services offered by minglebox.com (""minglebox.com"" or ""we"") include the minglebox.com website (the ""minglebox.com Website"") and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by minglebox.com. Minglebox.com is an offering from Minglebox Communications Pvt. Ltd. This Terms of Use Agreement (""Agreement"") sets forth the legally binding terms for your use of the minglebox Services. By using the minglebox Services, you agree to be bound by this Agreement, whether you are a ""Visitor"" (which means that you simply browse the minglebox Website) or you are a ""Member"" (which means that you have registered with minglebox.com). The term ""User"" refers to a Visitor or a Member. You are only authorized to use the minglebox Services (regardless of whether your access or use is intended) if you agree to abide by all applicable laws and to this Agreement. If you wish to become a Member, communicate with other Members and make use of the minglebox Services, you must read this Agreement and indicate your acceptance during the Registration process. This Agreement may be modified by Minglebox.com from time to time effective upon notice to you as a Member. Whenever there is a change in the Terms of Use, Minglebox.com will intimate you of such change. Your continued use of the Site pursuant to such change will constitute deemed acceptance of such changes. Please choose carefully the information you post on minglebox.com and that you provide to other Users. Your minglebox.com profile may not include the following items: telephone numbers, street addresses, and any photographs containing nudity, or obscene, lewd, excessively violent, harassing, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable subject matter. Despite this prohibition, information provided by other minglebox.com Members (for instance, in their Profile) may contain inaccurate, inappropriate, offensive or sexually explicit material, products or services, and minglebox.com assumes no responsibility or liability for this material. If you become aware of misuse of the minglebox.com Services by any person, please send an email to report@minglebox.com or click on the ""Report Abuse link"" on that page. Minglebox.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any posting (including private messages) by you, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the minglebox.com Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability. Eligibility You must be at least 15 years of age or over to register as a member of Minglebox.com or use this Site. Membership to the Site is void where prohibited. By using the minglebox Services, you represent and warrant that (a) all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; (c) you are 15 years of age or older; and (d) your use of the minglebox.com Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation. Your profile may be deleted and your Membership may be terminated without warning, if we believe that you are under 15 years of age. Term This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Site and/or are a Member of Minglebox.com. You may terminate your Membership at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions on the Member's Account Settings page. Minglebox.com may terminate your access to the Site and/or your membership for any reason which shall be effective upon sending notice of termination to you at the email address you provide in your application for membership or such other email address as you may later provide to Minglebox.com. You acknowledge that minglebox.com reserves the right to charge for the minglebox.com Services and to change its fees from time to time in its discretion. If minglebox.com terminates your Membership because you have breached the Agreement, you shall not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of subscription fees. Even after this Agreement is terminated, certain provisions will remain in effect including sections 4,5,7,9 -12, inclusive, of this Agreement. Non-Commercial Use by Members The Minglebox.com Site is for the personal use of individual members only, and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. This includes providing links to other websites, whether deemed competitive to Minglebox.com or otherwise. Organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become Members of Minglebox.com and should not use the Minglebox.com Service or Site for any purpose. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the minglebox Services, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorized framing of or linking to the minglebox.com Website is prohibited. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from Member profiles without notice and may result in termination of Membership privileges. Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Site, including unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress. Other Terms of Use by Members You may not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other Members to buy or sell any products or services through the Service. You will not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other Minglebox.com Members. Although Minglebox.com cannot monitor the conduct of its Members on the Minglebox.com Site, it is also a violation of this Agreement to use any information obtained from the Service in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent. In order to protect Minglebox.com and/or our Members from any abuse/misuse, Minglebox.com reserves the right to restrict the number of communications/profile contacts & responses/emails which a Member may send to other Member(s) in any 24-hour period to a number which Minglebox.com deems appropriate in its sole discretion. You will not send any messages to other Members that are obscene, lewd, licentious, and defamatory, promote hatred and/or are racial or abusive in any manner. Transmission of any such messages shall constitute a breach of this Agreement and Minglebox.com shall be entitled to terminate your membership forthwith. Minglebox.com reserves the right to screen messages that you may send to other Member(s). You may not use any automated processes, including IRC Bots, EXE's, CGI or any other programs/scripts to view content on or communicate/contact/respond/interact with Minglebox.com and/or its Members. Content Posted on the Site Minglebox.com owns and retains all proprietary rights, including without limitation, all intellectual property rights in the Minglebox.com Site and the Minglebox.com Service. The Site contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of Minglebox.com, and its licensors. Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given express permission by Minglebox.com, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information. All lawful, legal and non-objectionable messages (in the sole discretion of Minglebox.com), content and/or other information, content or material that you post on the forum boards shall become the property of Minglebox.com. Minglebox.com reserves the right to scrutinize all such information, content and/or material posted on the forum boards and shall have the exclusive right to either remove, edit and/or display such information, material and/or content. You understand and agree that Minglebox.com may delete any content, messages, photos or profiles (collectively, ""Content"") that in the sole judgment of Minglebox.com violates this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, defamatory, obscene, libelous, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of other Minglebox.com Members. You are solely responsible for the Content that you upload, publish or display (hereinafter, ""post"") on the Site through the Minglebox.com Service, or transmit to other Minglebox.com Members and Minglebox expressly disclaims any or all liability in connection with these posts. Minglebox.com reserves the right to verify the authenticity of Content posted on the Site. In exercising this right, Minglebox.com may ask you to provide any documentary or other form of evidence supporting the Content you post on the Site. If you fail to produce such evidence, or if such evidence does not in the reasonable opinion of Minglebox.com establish or justify the claim, Minglebox.com may, in its sole discretion, terminate your Membership without a refund of your subscription fees. Minglebox.com does not claim any ownership rights in the text, files, images, photos, blogs, forums, buzz, video, sounds, musical works, works of authorship, or any other materials (collectively, ""Content"") that you post to the Minglebox.com Services. After posting your Content to the Minglebox.com Services, you continue to retain all ownership rights in such Content, and you continue to have the right to use your Content in any way you choose. By displaying or publishing (""posting"") any Content on or through the Minglebox.com Services, you hereby grant to Minglebox.com a limited license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content solely on and through the Minglebox.com Services. The following is a partial list of the kind of Content that is illegal or prohibited on the Site. Minglebox.com will investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Service and the Site and terminating the Membership of such violators without a refund. It includes (but is not limited to) Content that: is patently offensive to the online community, such as Content that promotes racism, bigotry , hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; involves the transmission of ""junk mail"", ""chain letters,"" or unsolicited mass mailing or ""spamming""; harasses or advocates harassment of another person; promotes information that the person posting it is aware that it is false, misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page) ; promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files; includes a photograph/or part of a photograph of another person that you have posted without that person's consent; displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind; provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 years in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18 years; provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users / Members; and engages in commercial activities and/or sales without the prior written consent Minglebox.com such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes. You must use the Minglebox.com Service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable local, state, and federal laws and regulations. Copyright Policy You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Site through the Minglebox.com Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and where applicable a copy of the registration certificate proving registration of copyright or any other applicable intellectual property right; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Minglebox.com's Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached by writing to the Bangalore address located under the Contact us section on the site. Member Disputes You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Minglebox.com Members. Minglebox.com reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members. Privacy Use of the minglebox.com Services is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Disclaimers Minglebox.com is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the Site or in connection with the Minglebox.com Service, whether caused by users visiting the Site, Members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Service, nor for the conduct of any user and/or Member of the Minglebox.com Service whether online or offline. Minglebox.com assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user and/or Member communications. Minglebox.com is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line-systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website or combination thereof, including injury or damage to users and/or Members or to any other person's computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the Minglebox.com Site and/or in connection with the Minglebox.com Service. Under no circumstances will Minglebox.com be responsible for any loss or damage to any person resulting from anyone's use of the Site or the Service and/or any Content posted on the Minglebox.com Site or transmitted to Minglebox.com Members. The exchange of profile(s) through or by Minglebox.com should not in any way be construed as any offer and/or recommendation from/by Minglebox.com. Minglebox.com shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any individual arising out of, or subsequent to, relations established pursuant to the use of Minglebox.com. The Site and the Service are provided ""AS-IS AVALIABLE BASIS"" and Minglebox.com expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Minglebox.com cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the Site and/or the Minglebox.com Service. Limitation on Liability Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will Minglebox.com be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits arising from your use of the Site or the Minglebox.com Service, even if Minglebox.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Minglebox.com, liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to Minglebox.com, for the Service during the term of membership. Disputes If there is any dispute about or involving the Site and/or the Service, by using the Site, you agree that the dispute will be governed by the laws of India. You agree to the exclusive jurisdiction to the courts of Bangalore, India. Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold Minglebox.com, its subsidiaries, directors, affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of these Terms of Use and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or if any Content that you post on the minglebox.com Website or through the minglebox.com Services causes mignlebox.com to be liable to another. Advertiser Terms & Conditions - Detailed Minglebox, and ""Advertiser"", enter into this Advertiser Agreement (""Agreement"") to establish the terms and conditions by which Advertiser may display advertisements on Minglebox properties. This Agreement, in conjunction with the corresponding Release Order, shall constitute the entire agreement between Minglebox of the one part, and the Advertiser, its Advertisers and Agents (herein collectively referred to as ""Advertiser"") of the other part. The Advertiser agrees and acknowledges that: Minglebox.com is an advertising medium and a platform where students come for information on education; and Minglebox.com acts as an interface between the education seeker and an education provider; Minglebox cannot govern the volume of responses from students for specific activities; Minglebox's sole obligation to the Advertiser is to promote the Advertiser's products or services by showing banners, taglines, text links or SMS or email creative (""Creative"") provided by the Advertiser on site(s) across the Minglebox online properties or in email transmissions or through SMS text messages. The submission of a signed release order by Advertiser to Minglebox is construed as an acceptance of all the rates, terms and conditions under which advertising is sold at that time. Advertiser agrees that Minglebox may, but is not obligated to, display creative across the Minglebox online properties or on specific site(s). Minglebox may, at its option, modify the launch date of a campaign(s) if the creative or linking URLs are not delivered on time, there are delays due to 3rd party ad-serving, inventory fluctuation or other issues. All rates quoted herein, orally, or through written communications are only valid fourteen (14) days from date of such statement. If no agreement is reached within this time frame Minglebox reserves the right to change rates. In case the Advertiser alters any changes in the criteria of the leads, Minglebox.com is at a liberty of reviewing the overall deal period without affecting the contracting value. All payments will be made in advance unless agreed upon otherwise or credit is approved and Minglebox is under no obligation to perform agreed upon services until payment is received. It is the sole responsibility of the Advertiser to provide the necessary Creative as per Minglebox requirements. It is the Advertisers responsibility to validate all impressions, clicks, leads and/or acquisitions. The Advertiser must report any discrepancies related to their campaign to Minglebox within seven (7) days of the occurrence. Minglebox is not liable for any discrepancies not reported within this time frame and Advertiser waives all right, title, and intent to dispute payment to Minglebox based upon any discrepancy not reported within this time frame. No feedback will be entertained on lead quality 7 days from the day of assignment of the lead in the Advertiser's account. Furthermore, no refund claims will be entertained on grounds of unsatisfactory leads the feedback for which has come beyond this time frame. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no refund claims whatsoever will be entertained in respect of branding solutions. Either party may cancel this Agreement upon providing one month's written notice via email, fax or Indian Post/Courier services. If Advertiser terminates campaign early - payment in full for work performed and delivered up to the modified cancellation date will be owed and due and payable in full. Any cancellation notice will be based on the date the written notice was received by Minglebox. If Advertiser fails to pay overdue invoices for previous campaigns, Minglebox reserves the right to immediately terminate any active campaigns. Either party may cancel this Agreement upon providing one month's written notice via email, fax or Indian Post/Courier services. If Advertiser terminates campaign early - payment in full for work performed and delivered up to the modified cancellation date will be owed and due and payable in full. Any cancellation notice will be based on the date the written notice was received by Minglebox. If Advertiser fails to pay overdue invoices for previous campaigns, Minglebox reserves the right to immediately terminate any active campaigns. In the event Advertiser pays with credit card, Advertiser expressly agrees not to charge back on credit card account. Advertiser agrees to follow dispute resolution agreement as specified in section 7 herein. All payments must be made in US Dollars for non India based Advertisers and INR for India based Advertisers. Advertiser understands and agrees that in no event, and under no circumstance will data provided by any Minglebox representative constitute final billing numbers. Only invoices mailed directly to Advertisers and Agencies are to be construed as representative of billable amounts. MINGLEBOX SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE ADVERTISER FOR LOST PROFITS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, BASED UPON A CLAIM OF ANY TYPE OR NATURE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WARRANTY OR STRICT LIABILITY), EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY EVENT MINGLEBOX'S TOTAL OBLIGATIONS AND/OR LIABILITY CAN NEVER EXCEED THE CHARGE FOR THE ADVERTISEMENT IN QUESTION. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, MINGLEBOX MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES TO ADVERTISER AND DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. All Creative is accepted and published upon the representation that the Advertiser is authorized to publish the entire contents and subject matter thereof. Advertiser agrees to indemnify and hold Minglebox, its Publishers or Lists Providers and its respective affiliates, employees, officers, agents, directors and representatives (""Minglebox Indemnified Parties"") harmless from all allegations, claims, actions, causes of action, lawsuits, damages, liabilities, obligations, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees, costs related to in-house counsel time, court costs and witness fees) (collectively ""Losses"") for any claim or suits for libel, defamation, violation of rights of privacy, plagiarism, attorney's fees, trademarks, copyright infringement, unauthorized content (including text, illustrations, representatives, sketches, maps, labels, or other copyrighted matter) contained in creative or the unauthorized use of any person's name or photograph, arising from Minglebox reproduction and publishing of such creative pursuant to Advertiser's submission. Advertiser guarantees that data regarding consumers gained by this campaign will be only used for legal purposes and Advertiser will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Minglebox Indemnified Parties from any and all losses, liabilities, claims, obligations, costs, expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney's fees) and losses which result from any claim of damages brought or sought against Minglebox that alleges consumer data gained by this campaign was used for any purpose in violation of any applicable laws. Minglebox will have sole control over the litigation or settlement of such claim. The provisions of this Paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Advertiser agrees not to resell, market, or transfer any data regarding consumers gained through this campaign to any third party unless expressly permitted by Minglebox in writing. Minglebox is not liable for delays in delivery and/or non-delivery in the event of an act of God, actions by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity, Internet failure, equipment failure, power outage, fire, earthquake, flood, insurrection, riot, act of terrorism, act of war, explosion, embargo, strike (whether legal or illegal), labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, or any condition beyond Minglebox's control affecting production or delivery in any manner. Parties have disclosed or may disclose to each other information relating to each party's business (including, without limitation, data and other information pertaining to publisher mobile sites/services, affiliates and vendors that are or have been part of the Minglebox online properties), all of which to the extent previously, presently or subsequently disclosed to each other is ""Proprietary Information"". Proprietary Information does not include information that each party can document (a) is or becomes (through no improper action or inaction of each party or its representatives (as defined below)) generally known by the public, (b) was in its possession or known by it without restriction prior to receipt from the other party or (c) becomes available to a party from a source other than the other party or its representatives having no obligation of confidentiality. (""Representatives,"" when used with respect to either party, means that party's affiliates, agents, officers, directors, consultants and employees). Parties agree (i) to hold Proprietary Information in strict confidence and to take all reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information (including, without limitation, all precautions each party employs with respect to its most confidential materials), (ii) not to make any use whatsoever at any time of such Proprietary Information, except for the purpose of evaluating the results of Advertiser's advertising campaign, (iii) not to copy any Proprietary Information for any purpose whatsoever without written permission from each party, and (iv) not to divulge any Proprietary Information or any information derived there from to any third party or employee, except those of each party's employees who have a legitimate ""need to know"" and are bound in writing to the restrictions herein. Each party will be responsible for a breach of this Agreement by any of its Representatives. Each party shall promptly notify the other party upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Proprietary Information and will cooperate with the other party in every reasonable way to help regain possession of such Proprietary Information and prevent its future unauthorized use. It is agreed that any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to any interpretation, construction, performance or breach of this Agreement, shall be exclusively governed by Indian law, with the jurisdiction of the courts at Bangalore. The prevailing party of any litigated dispute arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall receive its reasonable attorney's fees, together with its costs and expenses incurred resolving the dispute as part of the judgment. Failure of either party to require strict performance by the other party of any provision shall not affect the first party's right to require strict performance thereafter. Waiver by either party of a breach of any provision shall not waive either the provision itself or any subsequent breach Advertiser is willing to collaborate with press releases and/or be mentioned as a new Advertiser. Other By becoming a Member of the Site / Minglebox.com Service, you agree to receive certain specific emails from Minglebox.com. This Agreement, accepted upon use of the Site and further affirmed by becoming a Member of the Minglebox.com service, contains the entire agreement between you and Minglebox.com regarding the use of the Site and/or the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. You are under an obligation to report any misuse or abuse of the Site. If you notice any abuse or misuse of the Site or any thing which is in violation of this Agreement, you shall forthwith report such violation to minglebox.com by writing to report@minglebox.com . On receipt of such complaint, minglebox.com may investigate such complaint and if necessary may terminate the membership of the Member responsible for such violation abuse or misuse without any refund of subscription fee. Any false complaint made by a Member shall make such Member liable for termination of his / her membership Minglebox.com is a trademark of Minglebox Communications Pvt. Ltd. By joining Minglebox.com, you confirm that you have read the above provisions and agree to abide by them. Please email us at info@minglebox.com if you have any questions regarding this Agreement. I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE. Close Home QUICK SEARCH Results 0 - 10 for ISB PGP ISB increases number of seats for its flagship postgraduate programme ( PGP ) in management | ISB Incr ..) in management ISB , ISB flagship postgraduate programme ( PGP .. ..: Home MBA Articles ISB increases number of seats Follow.. .. ISB increases number of seats Published On.. http://www.minglebox.com/article/mba/isb-increases- - PGP Program - Think ISB - Admission, Courses, Fee, Address | Think ISB | mbacoaching, studyabroadcoach .. | mbacoaching, studyabroadcoaching | Minglebox Think ISB Contact No.. ...thinkisb.com Location : Think ISB , India Are you Interested in studying at Think ISB .. .. | mbacoaching, studyabroadcoaching Follow @minglebox PGP Program Category.. http://www.minglebox.com/college/ThinkISB/course/PG - PGP in Other PGP Courses, Institutes offering PGP in Other PGP Courses - minglebox .. operations managers Institutes Offering PGP - Other PGP Courses Aegis School of Business.. .. & Telecommunication - Master of Business Administration / PGP ASM's Institute of Business Management & Research (IBMR.. ..-A) - Post Graduate Programme in Public Management and Policy ( PGP .. http://www.minglebox.com/courses/mba/other-manageme - Indian School of Business ( ISB ) - Admission, Courses, Fee, Address | ISB | Hyderabad | Andhra Prades .. ( ISB ) Year Founded : 1995 Accreditation : AICTE Contact No.. .. : 040 - 23007000 Email : pgpadmissions@ isb .edu Website : www. isb .. .. Interested in studying at Indian School of Business ( ISB .. http://www.minglebox.com/college/Indian-School-of-B - PGP in Business Management, Institutes offering PGP in Business Management - minglebox .. > PGP - Business Management Basic Eligibility.. .. Management Researcher Research and Development Managers Institutes Offering PGP .. .. school - PGP (Fulltime) + MBA (dlp) Rustomjee Business School - Post.. http://www.minglebox.com/courses/mba/business-admin - Study Articles | MBA | Engineering | Abraod | Animation | Admissions | Application Notices | Exam Up .., Andhra Pradesh, India - 500 032 Are you Interested in studying at Indian School of Business ( ISB .. ..: Home MBA Indian School of Business ( ISB ) Study Articles | MBA.. ..& ITeS top recruiters at ISB Final Placement 2011 Overview.. http://www.minglebox.com/college/Indian-School-of-B - Courses Offered - Think ISB - Admission, Courses, Fee, Address | Think ISB | mbacoaching, studyabroadc ...thinkisb.com Location : Think ISB , India Are you Interested in studying at Think ISB .. ..: Home MBA Think ISB Courses Offered - Think ISB - Admission, Courses, Fee, Address | Think ISB .. .. | mbacoaching, studyabroadcoaching Follow @minglebox Courses PGP Program Category.. http://www.minglebox.com/college/ThinkISB/courses - Think ISB - Admission, Courses, Fee, Address | Think ISB | mbacoaching, studyabroadcoaching | Minglebo ...thinkisb.com Location : Think ISB , India Are you Interested in studying at Think ISB .. ..: Home MBA Think ISB Follow @minglebox Confused about your Education Choices.. ..! ADMISSION INFO Last Date: Not Announced Fees: Rs. Tests Accepted: Think ISB .. http://www.minglebox.com/college/ThinkISB - PGP in PGPM, Institutes offering PGP in PGPM - minglebox .. Management Researcher Research and Development Managers Institutes Offering PGP .. .. - PGPM Aureole Institute of Business Management - PGPM Indian School of Business ( ISB .. ..) - Master of Business Administration + PGP program Institute of Management and.. http://www.minglebox.com/courses/mba/business-admin - PGP in Management and Insurance, Institutes offering PGP in Management and Insurance - minglebox .. minimum 50% in graduation (any stream). PGP (Management and Insurance.. ... Institutes Offering PGP - Management and Insurance IILM Institute for Higher.. .. Distance MBA or a Diploma Programme from ISB .. http://www.minglebox.com/courses/mba/insurance/pg-p - 1 2 3 4 5 6 > >> 1 2 3 > >> Colleges No results found ABOUT MINGLEBOX It was founded in 2006 as India’s leading online education portal with a user base of 7 million+ students and young professionals across 250 cities in India. It is the preferred destination of the multitudes of students in India seeking information on higher education. Minglebox.com offers best content on colleges, courses, test preps, exams, scholarships and admission news. We are well recognized among the educational communities who use the portal for information and guidance for studying in India and abroad. © Copyrights Reserved 2016. QUICK LINKS About us For Advertisers Contact Us Others Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap "
  Professional MBA essay writing services in India, Chennai, beyond essay editing: essaylabb.com: essay services Home essaylabb@gmail.com Full Time MBA Essays Executive MBA Essays Part Time MBA Essays SoP/Personal Statement Recommendation/LoR MBA Essay Tips Charges Process SoP Tips Full Time MBA Essays Berkeley Haas Cambridge Judge Chicago Booth CMU Tepper Columbia Duke Fuqua Emory Goizueta Georgetown McDonough Harvard IESE Spain INSEAD ISB LBS Your essays are probably the most important part of your application. You must already be aware that most universities across the globe require not just your track record in academic, extra-curricular and career arenas, but also a set of essays. Top B-schools like Harvard , Wharton , Stanford , LBS , Anderson , Duke , Haas , NUS , NYU Stern , Columbia , Nanyang , INSEAD , ISB and Kellogg look for a set of essays (usually 3-6 essays ranging from 300-2000 words each). The purpose of these essays is to evaluate you holistically - not just as the set of numbers that you have scored in various examinations. Your essays will give the admission committee a chance to better understand you personally and professionally. They can better judge your personality and your potential against the background of your living and working environment. They can also make a just judgment about your ""fit"" with their university. The Full Time MBA programs may be one or two year programs and might even be an independent or joint program. Full Time MBA admits have an average work experience of 5 years, with their European counterparts being an year more. The application usually intend to unearth all aspects of your life - personal, professional, social and economic - through various questions put forth in their application. A typical package would comprise of a goals essay, a diversity essay and a pick from your greatest accomplishments, significant failures, leadership instances or international experiences. Answering these questions clearly, credibly and convincingly are vital to you being short listed for the interview. Even before you contact us, it might be a good idea to read each of the essay questions carefully and identify points that might support your essay. Look for perspectives, events and outlooks that might be uniquely yours, and write down your thoughts in the form of a rough essay or as bullet points to be expanded on later. Once that is done it is time to reach us at EssayLABB ! Michigan Ross MIT Sloan Northwestern Kellogg NYU Stern Stanford GSB Tuck Dartmouth UCLA Anderson USC Marshall UT McCombs Virginia Darden Wharton Yale SOM Haas School of Business - University of California , Berkeley - USA Berkeley Haas Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays At Berkeley-Haas, we seek candidates from a broad range of cultures, backgrounds, and industries who demonstrate a strong cultural fit with our program and defining principles. Our distinctive culture is defined by four key principles ? Question the Status Quo, Confidence Without Attitude, Students Always, and Beyond Yourself. Learn more about Berkeley-Haas' Defining Principles ). Please use the following essays as opportunities to reflect on and share with us the values, experiences, and accomplishments that have helped shape who you are. Required Essays Essay 1. If you could choose one song that expresses who you are, what is it and why? (250 words maximum) Essay 2. Please respond to one of the following prompts: (250 words maximum) a. Describe an experience that has fundamentally changed the way you see the world and how it transformed you. b. Describe a significant accomplishment and why it makes you proud. c. Describe a difficult decision you have made and why it was challenging. Essay 3. Tell us about your path to business school and your future plans. How will the Berkeley-Haas experience help you along this journey? (500 words maximum) Supplemental Information 1. If you have not provided a letter of recommendation from your current supervisor, please explain. If not applicable, enter N/A. 2. List in order of importance all community and professional organizations and extracurricular activities in which you have been involved during or after university studies. Include the following information for each organization or activity using the format below: Name of organization or activity Nature of organization or activity Size of organization Dates of involvement Offices held Average number of hours spent per month 3. List full-time and part-time jobs held during undergraduate or graduate studies, indicating the employer, job title, employment dates, location, and the number of hours worked per week for each position held prior to the completion of your degree. 4. If you have ever been subject to academic discipline, placed on probation, suspended, or required to withdraw from any college or university, please explain. If not, please enter N/A. (An affirmative response to this question does not automatically disqualify you from admission.) Optional Essay. Is there any other information you would like to share that is not presented elsewhere in the application? You may also use this essay to provide further explanation of employment gaps or your quantitative abilities. (500 words maximum) Application Deadline TBA. Last years: Round 1: 01 Oct 2014; Round 2: 07 Jan 2015; Round 3: 11 Mar 2015 Judge Business School, Cambridge University , Cambridge U K Cambridge Judge Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Please provide a personal statement. It should not exceed 500 words and must include the following: What are your short and long term career objectives? What skills/characteristics do you already have that will help you to achieve them? What do you hope to gain from the degree programme and how do you feel it will help you achieve the career objectives you have? Application Deadline Round 1: 18 Sep 2015; Round 2: 23 Oct 2015; Round 3: 08 Jan 2016; Round 4: 04 Mar 2016; Round 5: 06 May 2016 Booth School of Business - University of Chicago , Chicago - USA Chicago Booth Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Chicago Booth values individuality because of what we can learn from the diverse experiences and perspectives of others. This mutual respect creates an open-minded community that supports curiosity, inspires us to think more broadly, take risks, and challenge assumptions. At Booth, community is about collaborative thinking and tapping into each other's different viewpoints to cultivate new ideas and realize breakthrough moments every day. Essay Using one of the photos provided , tell us how it resonates with your own viewpoint on why the Booth community is the right fit for you. Essay Guidelines Choose the format that works for you. Feel free to submit a traditional essay, slide presentation, or any format that you feel best captures your response. Please use the format you are most comfortable with, the Admissions Committee has no preference. Determine your own length. There is no prescribed minimum or maximum length. We trust that you will use your best judgment in determining how long your submission should be, but we recommend that you think strategically about how to best allocate the space. Technical Guidelines File Size: Maximum file size is 16 MB. Accepted Upload Formats: Acceptable formats are PDF, Word, and PowerPoint. We strongly recommend converting your piece to a PDF file prior to submitting. Multimedia Restrictions: We will be viewing your submission electronically and in full color, but all submissions will be converted to PDF files, so animation, video, music, etc. will not translate over. Reapplicant Essay : Upon reflection, how has your perspective regarding your future, Chicago Booth, and/or getting an MBA changed since the time of your last application? (300 words maximum) Application Deadline Round 1: 17 Sep 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016; Round 3: 05 Apr 2016 Tepper School of Business - Carnegie Mellon University , Pittsburgh - USA CMU Tepper Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays There are two questions to help us get to know you better. In addition, we offer an optional essay if there is additional information you wish to share about your candidacy. Essay 1 . (Maximum 300 words) Describe a defining moment in your life. How has it shaped you professionally? Essay 2 . (Maximum 300 words) Based on your research and interactions, describe how your strengths contribute to the Tepper School community. How will you benefit from being a member of the Tepper School MBA program? Application Deadline Round 1: 05 Oct 2015; Round 2: 04 Jan 2016; Round 3: 15 Mar 2016; Round 4: 01 May 2016 Columbia Business School , Columbia - U SA Columbia Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Applicants must complete one short answer question and three essays. Short Answer Question What is your immediate post-MBA professional goal? (50 characters maximum) Examples of possible responses: ?Work in business development for a media company.? ?Join a strategy consulting firm.? ?Launch a data-management start-up.? Essay Questions Essay 1. Through your resume and recommendations, we have a clear sense of your professional path to date. What are your career goals going forward, and how will the Columbia MBA help you achieve them? (Maximum 500 words) Essay 2. Columbia Business School?s location enables us to bridge theory and practice in multiple ways: through Master Classes, internships, the New York Immersion Seminars, and, most importantly, through a combination of distinguished research faculty and accomplished practitioners. How will you take advantage of being ?at the very center of business?? (Maximum 250 words) Essay 3 . CBS Matters, a key element of the School?s culture, allows the people in your Cluster to learn more about you on a personal level. What will your Clustermates be pleasantly surprised to learn about you? (Maximum 250 words) Optional Essay : An optional fourth essay will allow you to discuss any issues that do not fall within the purview of the required essays. Knight-Bagehot Fellows : Rather than answer Essay 1, current Knight-Bagehot Fellows applying to Columbia Business School should use the space allocated to the first essay (500 words) to complete the Wiegers Fellowship application essay. Wiegers Fellowship Essay Question : What are your career goals? How has the Knight-Bagehot Fellowship affected these goals? How will an MBA help you achieve these goals? (500 words maximum) Application Deadline January Entry/Early Decision: Early Oct 2015; Regular Decision (Final): Apr 2016 The Fuqua School of Business - Duke University , North Carolina - USA Duke Fuqua Full Time MBA 2015 - 2016 Application Essays Three short answer questions and 2 essays are required from all applicants. Responses should use 1.5 line spacing and a font size no smaller than 10-point. Respond fully and concisely. Responses must be completed before submitting your application. Prepare your responses carefully. The Admissions Committee considers your answers important in the selection process. All essays are scanned using plagiarism detection software. Plagiarism is considered a cheating violation within the Honor Code and will not be tolerated in the admissions process. Required Short Answer Questions : Answer all 3 questions. For each short answer question, respond in 500 characters only (the equivalent of about 100 words). Essay 1. What are your short-term goals, post-MBA? Essay 2. What are your long-term goals? Essay 3. Life is full of uncertainties, and plans and circumstances can change. As a result, navigating a career requires you to be adaptable. Should the short-term goals that you provided above not materialize what alternative directions have you considered? First Required Essay . 25 Random Things About Yourself The ""Team Fuqua"" spirit and community is one of the things that sets The Duke MBA experience apart, and it is a concept that extends beyond the student body to include faculty, staff, and administration. When a new person joins the Admissions team, we ask that person to share with everyone in the office a list of ""25 Random Things About Yourself."" As an Admissions team, we already know the new hire's professional and academic background, so learning these ""25 Random Things"" helps us get to know someone's personality, background, special talents, and more. In this spirit, the Admissions Committee also wants to get to know you?beyond the professional and academic achievements listed in your resume and transcript. You can share with us important life experiences, your likes/dislikes, hobbies, achievements, fun facts, or anything that helps us understand what makes you who you are. Share with us your list of ""25 Random Things"" about YOU. Instructions: Answer the following question ? present your response in list form, numbered 1 to 25. Some points may be only a few words, while others may be longer. Your complete list should not exceed 2 pages. Second Required Essay (Choose 1 of 2) . Instructions: Choose only 1 of the following 2 essay questions to answer. Your response should be no more than 2 pages in length, and should reflect your knowledge of the Fuqua program and experience, and the types of activities and leadership you would engage in as a Fuqua student. Why Duke: When asked by your family, friends, and colleagues why you want to go to Duke, what do you tell them? Share the reasons that are most meaningful to you. or Team Fuqua Principles: The Team Fuqua community is as unique as the individuals who comprise it. Underlying our individuality are a number of shared ideas and principles that we live out in our own ways. Our students have identified and defined 6 ?Team Fuqua Principles? that we feel are the guiding philosophies that make our community special. At the end of your 2 years at Fuqua, if you were to receive an award for exemplifying one of the 6 Principles listed below, which one would it be and why? Your response should reflect your knowledge of Fuqua and the Daytime MBA program and experience, and the types of activities and leadership you would engage in as a Fuqua student. Authentic Engagement: We care and we take action. We each make a difference to Team Fuqua by being ourselves and engaging in and supporting activities about which we are passionate. Supportive Ambition: We support each other to achieve great things, because your success is my success. The success of each individual member of Team Fuqua makes the whole of Team Fuqua better. Collective Diversity: We embrace all of our classmates because our individuality is better and stronger together. Impactful Stewardship: We are leaders who focus on solutions to improve our communities both now and in the future. We aren?t satisfied with just maintaining the status quo. Loyal Community: We are a family who looks out for each other. Team Fuqua supports you when you need it the most. Uncompromising Integrity: We internalize and live the honor code in the classroom and beyond. We conduct ourselves with integrity within Fuqua, within Duke, and within all communities of which we are a part. Optional Essay : If you feel there are circumstances of which the Admissions Committee should be aware, please explain them in an optional essay (e.g. unexplained gaps in work, choice of recommenders, inconsistent or questionable academic performance). Do NOT upload additional essays nor additional recommendations in this area of the application. The Optional Essay is intended to provide the Admissions Committee with insight into your circumstances only. Limit your response to two pages. Application Deadline Early Action: 15 Sep 2015; Round 1: 14 Oct 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016; Round 3: 22 Mar 2016 Goizueta Business School - Emory University , Atlanta - USA Emory Goizueta MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Please address the following questions and submit all essays in one complete PDF file. Essays should be written in 12-point font and double-spaced. On the top of each page, indicate your full name as listed on your application and the question to which you are responding. The application system requires that you convert your document into PDF format prior to uploading it to your application. Instructions and access to a software program that will convert your documents are available within the application. Essay 1. Define your short-term post-MBA career goals. How are your professional strengths, past experience and personal attributes aligned with these goals? (300 word limit) Essay 2. The business school is named for Roberto C. Goizueta, former Chairman and CEO of The Coca-Cola Company, who led the organization for 16 years, extending its global reach, quadrupling consumption, building brand responsibility, and creating unprecedented shareholder wealth. Mr. Goizueta's core values guide us in educating Principled Leaders for Global Enterprise. Provide an example of your leadership - professional or personal - and explain what you learned about yourself through the experience. (300 word limit) Essay 3. Complete one of the following statements. (250 word limit). I am passionate about... The best piece of advice I've received is... The best day of my life was... A personal goal I want to accomplish is... Essay 4. Share with the committee and your future classmates a fun or noteworthy fact about you. (25 word limit) Optional Essay . If you have additional information or feel there are extenuating circumstances which you would like to share with the MBA Admissions Committee (i.e. unexplained gaps in work experience, choice of recommenders, academic performance issues or areas of weakness in application). Please limit your response to 250 words. Reapplicant Essay s . Applicants who have applied to Goizueta Business School in the past are required to answer the following questions: 1. Define your short-term post-MBA career goals. How are your professional strengths, past experience and personal attributes aligned with these goals? (300 word limit) 2. Explain how you have improved your candidacy for Goizueta Business School's MBA Program since your last application. (250 word limit) 3. Explain how you have improved your candidacy for Goizueta Business School's MBA Program since your last application. (250 word limit) You may also submit the optional essay if you wish. Application Deadline Round 1: 09 Oct 2015; Round 2: 13 Nov 2015*; Round 3: 08 Jan 2016**; Round 4: 11 Mar 2015 * Preferred deadline for One-Year MBA applicants, international applicants, and applicants interested in consideration for top named scholarships ** Final deadline for general merit-based scholarships Robert Emmett McDonough School of Business - Georgetown University , Washington - USA Georgetown McDonough MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Create your essays in separate documents and upload them into the appropriate application fields. Restate the essay question at the top of the page and please adhere to word limits. Dual degree applicants and re-applicants will be prompted to submit specific essay questions. Essay In an essay, we would like to learn more about you. Please answer the following essay question in 750 words or less: ""Why You?"". Optional Essay 1. If you are not currently employed full-time, use this essay to provide information about your current activities. (250 words or fewer) Optional Essay 2. Please provide any information you would like to add to your application that you have not otherwise included. (500 words or fewer) Re-applicant Essay . How have you strengthened your candidacy since your last application? We are particularly interested in hearing about how you have grown professionally and personally. (500 words or fewer) Application Deadline Round 1: 01 Oct 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016; Round 3: 01 Apr 2016 *Students wishing to be considered for merit-based scholarships should apply no later than Round 2. Harvard Business School , Boston - USA Harvard MBA Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays There is no word limit for this question. We think you know what guidance we're going to give here. Don't overthink, overcraft and overwrite. Just answer the question in clear language that those of us who don't know your world can understand. Essay . It's the first day of class at HBS. You are in Aldrich Hall meeting your ""section."" This is the group of 90 classmates who will become your close companions in the first-year MBA classroom. Our signature case method participant-based learning model ensures that you will get to know each other very well. The bonds you collectively create throughout this shared experience will be lasting. Introduce yourself. Application Deadline Round 1: 09 Sep 2015; Round 2: 06 Jan 2016; Round 3: 04 Apr 2016 IESE Business School , University of Navarra , Barcelona - Spain IESE Navarra Spain Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Please include the essay number and question in your response, use arial font, and make sure to add a 1 1/4 inches top margin. Essay 1. Please describe your short-term professional goals and how you plan to achieve them. Be as specific as possible for example including the industry or sector, specific companies, etc. (200-word limit) Essay 2. Describe one substantial accomplishment and one failure in a professional, academic or private endeavor (400-word limit) Essay 3. Describe the most difficult situation (personal, academic or professional) that you have faced recently (200-word limit) Essay 4. Describe a past experience that has shaped who you are today (200-word limit) Essay 5. I consider myself a young talent suitable for the program because (200-word limit) Application Deadline Round 1: 01 Oct 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016; Round 3: 23 Feb 2016; Round 4: 26 Apr 2016 INSEAD , Paris - France INSEAD Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Job Description Essays This section is a critical part of our evaluation process. As such, we advise you to spend a significant amount of time on your job description. In the job description section, please discuss primarily your role and responsibilities as well as your career path. Additionally, you will need to comment on your company's activities, its size and other useful information. Essay 1: Briefly summarise your current (or most recent) job, including the nature of work, major responsibilities, and where relevant, employees under your supervision, size of budget, clients/products and results achieved. (short answer) * Essay 2: What would be your next step in terms of position if you were to remain in the same company? (short answer) Essay 3: Please give a full description of your career since graduating from university. Describe your career path with the rationale behind your choices. (short answer) Essay 4: Discuss your short and long term career aspirations with or without an MBA from INSEAD. (short answer) Essay (Optional): If you are currently not working or if you plan to leave your current employer more than 2 months before the programme starts, please explain your activities and occupations between leaving your job and the start of the programme. Motivation Essays The essays section is a critical part of our evaluation process. As such, we advise you to spend a significant amount of time on your application essays. Your responses to the essay questions provide the best opportunity to be creative and tell us about yourself. We would like to get to know you and to find out what motivates you. The essays are not meant to be academic articles or business memos, but rather your personal stories. Essay 1: Give a candid description of yourself (who are you as a person), stressing the personal characteristics you feel to be your strengths and weaknesses and the main factors which have influenced your personal development, giving examples when necessary (approximately 500 words). Essay 2: Describe the achievement of which you are most proud and explain why. In addition, describe a situation where you failed. How did these experiences impact your relationships with others? Comment on what you learned (approximately 400 words). Essay 3 : Tell us about an experience where you were significantly impacted by cultural diversity, in a positive or negative way (approximately 300 words). Essay 4 : Describe all types of extra-professional activities in which you have been or are still involved for a significant amount of time (clubs, sports, music, arts, politics, etc). How are you enriched by these activities? (approximately 300 words) Essay 5 : (Optional) Is there anything else that was not covered in your application that you would like to share with the Admissions Committee? (approximately 300 words) Application Deadline Jan 2016 intake: Round 1: 04 Mar 2015; Round 2: 22 Apr 2015; Round 3: 17 Jun 2015; Round 4: 05 Aug 2015 Sep 2016 intake: Round 1: 16 Sep 2015; Round 2: 14 Oct 2015; Round 3: 13 Jan 2016; Round 4: 24 Feb 2016 Jan 2017 intake: Round 1: 02 Mar 2016; Round 2: 20 Apr 2016; Round 3: 15 Jun 2016; Round 4: 27 Jul 2016 ISB - Indian School of Business , Hyderabad - India ISB PGP [Post Graduate Programme] 2015-2016 Application Essays You are required to respond to the following Essay questions, three mandatory and One Optional. Re-applicants will be required to respond to additional essay # 5. You will not be able to submit the application if you exceed the word limit. Amongst other things, your responses will be evaluated for depth of analysis and the unique perspective you bring to the issue. Essay 1: If we were to admit just one more student, make a compelling argument as to why that student should be you by describing an (only one) achievement in your personal / professional life that you are most proud of. What did you do that sets you apart from others? What did you learn? (400 words max) Essay 2: (300 words max) Describe a (only one) defining moment in your personal / professional life when you had to make a risky decision, and explain what you did, why and the outcome? or Describe a (only one) situation in y our personal / professional life when you had to interact with people from diverse backgrounds. How did it affect you and what did you learn? Essay 3: What are your post ISB career plans and how will your past experiences and the Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) contribute to taking you there? (300 words max) Essay 4 (Optional): Please use this space to explain any career breaks / provide any other information not covered elsewhere in the application that could significantly impact your candidature at ISB. Note: It is not necessary to write this essay. Please use this space only if there is something really significant that you would like us to know. (200 words max) Application Deadline Cycle 1: 15 Oct 2015; Cycle 2: 15 Jan 2016; International Applicants: 15 Jan 2016 (rolling admission) LBS - London Business School , London - UK LBS Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays The Admissions Committee will consider carefully your answers to the following questions. Please complete all of the essay questions beginning your answer below each question and giving word counts for each answer. Once complete, please attach this document to your online application following the instructions given on the web form. You are required to add the word count at the end of each question. Please do not write more than the specified word limit for each essay. Any extra words or essays may be disregarded. Essay 1: What are your post-MBA plans and how will your past experience and the London Business School programme contribute? (500 words) Essay 2: What specific areas of London Business School life are you most excited about getting involved in and where will you add value? (300 words) Essay 3: Is there any other information you believe the Admissions Committee should know about you and your application to London Business School? (300 words) Application Deadline Round 1: 25 Sep 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016; Round 3: 25 Feb 2016; Round 4: 21 Apr 2016 Stephen M. Ross of Business - University of Michigan , Michigan - USA Michigan Ross Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Our goal with these new questions is that we?ll get a sense of who you are, how you think about yourself and how you process your experiences. The range of responses can be quite wide ? from an accomplishment to a challenge or difficult situation that you overcame or a characteristic about yourself. There isn?t a ?right? or ?preferred? type of response. Applicants often ask how they can differentiate themselves. The essays are the best way to do it. Your undergraduate school and major may be similar to another applicant?s. Your career path and goals may be similar to another applicant?s. But your experiences and what you take away from them will be unique. Here are the two essay questions (400 words each): Essay 1. What are you most proud of and why? How does it shape who you are today? Essay 2. What is your desired career path and why? Application Deadline Round 1: 05 Oct 2015; Round 2: 04 Jan 2016; Round 3: 21 Mar 2016; International students are encouraged to apply in decision Round 1 or 2 Sloan School of Management - Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Cambridge - USA MIT Sloan Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays We have one required essay at the time of submission Essay . Tell us about a recent success you had: How did you accomplish this? Who else was involved? What hurdles did you encounter? What type of impact did this have? (500 words or fewer). Optional Information The Admissions Committee invites you to share anything else you would like us to know about you, in any format. If you choose to use a multimedia format, please host the information on a website and provide us the URL. Application Deadline Round 1: 17 Sep 2015; Round 2: 14 Jan 2016; Round 3: 11 Apr 2016 NYU Stern School of Business , New York - USA NYU Stern Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Our Stern essay questions give you the opportunity to more fully present yourself to the Admissions Committee and to provide insight into your experiences, goals and thought processes. Please note the following details when completing your essays. All written essays must be typed and submitted using the standard U.S. 8 1/2? x 11? format, double-spaced, in 12-point font. Word limits apply to the total question. For example, your response to Essay 1 should answer all parts of the question with a total maximum of 750 words. Label the top of each essay with the following: Name, Date of Birth (month, day, year), Essay Number and Page Number (e.g.: Joe Applicant, January 1, 1988, Essay 1, Page 1). Essay 1: Professional Aspirations (750 word maximum, double-spaced, 12-point font) a. Why pursue an MBA (or dual degree) at this point in your life? b. What actions have you taken to determine that Stern is the best fit for your MBA experience? c. What do you see yourself doing professionally upon graduation? Essay 2: Personal Expression Please describe yourself to your MBA classmates. You may use almost any method to convey your message (e.g. words, illustrations). Feel free to be creative. If you submit a non-written piece for this essay (i.e., artwork or multimedia) or if you submit this essay via mail, please upload a brief description of your submission with your online application. Please note the following guidelines and restrictions: Your submission becomes the property of NYU Stern and cannot be returned for any reason. If you submit a written essay, it should be 500 words maximum, double-spaced, 12-point font. If you submit a video or audio file, it should be five minutes maximum. NYU Stern accepts most common video formats. The Admissions Committee reserves the right to request an alternate essay if we are unable to view your submission. Do not submit anything perishable (e.g. food), or any item that has been worn (e.g. clothing). Mailed materials must be postmarked by the application deadline date. Please follow our mail and labeling instructions. Please note that mailed packages are subject to size restrictions. Submissions that exceed the stated size restrictions will not be accepted for review by the Admissions Committee. Please see the table below for the maximum package size guidelines: Packaging Type Dimensions: Non-metric Dimensions: Metric; Box 14? x 12? x 3? 36cm x 31cm x 8cm; Cylindrical tube 3? x 36? 8cm x 91cm; Triangular tube 38? x 6? x 6? x 6? 97cm x 16cm x 16 cm x 16 cm Essay 3: Additional Information (optional) Please provide any additional information that you would like to bring to the attention of the Admissions Committee. This may include current or past gaps in employment, further explanation of your undergraduate record or self-reported academic transcript(s), plans to retake the GMAT, GRE and/or TOEFL or any other relevant information. If you are unable to submit a recommendation from your current supervisor, you must explain your reason, even if you are a re-applicant. If you are a re-applicant from last year, please explain how your candidacy has improved since your last application. Application Deadline Round 1: 15 Oct 2015; Round 2: 15 Nov 2015; Round 3: 15 Jan 2016; Round 4: 15 Mar 2016 Stanford Graduate School of Business , Stanford - USA Stanford GSB Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Essays help us learn about who you are rather than solely what you have done. Other parts of the application give insight to your academic and professional accomplishments; the essays reveal the person behind those achievements. When writing your essays, resist the urge to ?package? yourself into what you think Stanford wants to see. Doing so will only prevent us from understanding who you really are and what you hope to accomplish. The most impressive essays are the most authentic. We request that you write two personal essays. The personal essays give us glimpses of your character and hopes. In each essay, we want to hear your genuine voice. Think carefully about your values, passions, aims, and dreams prior to writing them. Essay Length: Your answers for both essay questions combined may not exceed 1,150 words. Each of you has your own story to tell, so please allocate these words between the essays in the way that is most effective for you. Below is a suggested word count, based on what we typically see. Suggested word count - Essay A: 750, Essay B: 400 Formatting: Double-spaced. Indicate the question you are answering at the beginning of each essay (does not count toward the word limit). Number all pages. Upload one document that includes both essays. Essay 1: What matters most to you, and why? For this essay, we would like you to: Focus on the ?why? rather than the ?what.? Do some deep self-examination, so you can genuinely illustrate who you are and how you came to be the person you are. Share the insights, experiences, and lessons that shaped your perspectives, rather than focusing merely on what you?ve done or accomplished. Write from the heart, and illustrate how a person, situation, or event has influenced you. Essay 2: Why Stanford? Enlighten us on how earning your MBA at Stanford will enable you to realize your ambitions. A strong response to this essay question will: Explain your decision to pursue graduate education in management. Explain the distinctive opportunities you will pursue at Stanford. Application Deadline Round 1: 22 Sep 2015; Round 2: 12 Jan 2016; Round 3: 05 Apr 2016 Tuck School of Business, Dartmouth College , New Hampshire - USA Tuck Dartmouth Full Time MBA 2015 - 2016 Application Essays Remember, the essays are your opportunity to share with us who you are beyond the numbers and the resume, so reflect, take your time, and be genuine. You want to think carefully about your content as well as delivery; you need to communicate clearly and in your voice, not who you think we want you to be; and most importantly, answer the question you are asked. Please respond fully but concisely to the following essay questions. There are no right or wrong answers. We encourage applicants to limit the length of their responses to 500 words for each essay. Please double-space your responses. Essay 1. What are your short- and long-term goals? Why do you need an MBA to achieve those goals? Why are you interested in Tuck specifically? Essay 2. Tell us about your most meaningful leadership experience and what role you played. How will that experience contribute to the learning environment at Tuck? Essay 3. (Optional) Please provide any additional insight or information that you have not addressed elsewhere that may be helpful in reviewing your application (e.g., unusual choice of evaluators, weaknesses in academic performance, unexplained job gaps or changes, etc.). Complete this question only if you feel your candidacy is not fully represented by this application. Essay 4. (To be completed by all reapplicants) How have you strengthened your candidacy since you last applied? Please reflect on how you have grown personally and professionally. Application Deadline Early Action Round: 07 Oct 2015; Nov Round: 04 Nov 2015; Jan Round: 06 Jan 2016; Apr Round: 04 Apr 2016; Consortium, Round 1: 15 Oct 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016 Anderson School of Management - University of California , Los Angeles - USA UCLA Anderson Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Your essays are the primary way for you to share your perspectives and plans with the admissions committee. The best essays are introspective, genuine and succinct in directly answering our questions and responding to our topics. ? You should try to distinguish yourself by showing what makes you different from others who share similar profiles. ? Personal expression is what we are looking for, not platitudes. ? Making a strong case for your future plans requires you to first do research on career paths and find one that resonates. Even if this target will change during business school, your application essays should lay out a clear trajectory for short-term and long-term goals. Do this by demonstrating how you expect to build on skills from your past, and those you expect to gain from the MBA. ? Essays are more compelling if they include specific courses, programs, groups, opportunities, activities, etc. from which you would benefit, if admitted to UCLA Anderson. These references are best found through website research, personal discussions and a campus visit (if possible). ? Content and clarity are key elements, as we seek superior communication skills. ? Style is a consideration too, although we understand that those who speak other languages may have different manners of expression in English.We do check your essays for plagiarism, so make sure you always submit your own work. ? Length does not equal strength. A well-written short essay can have even more impact than a longer essay. Please try to respect the word limits indicated below. ? All responses to essays must be on double-spaced pages that are uploaded as a document. We do not accept essays in any other media but written form. Required Essay . We believe that the best results are achieved when you share success, think fearlessly and drive change. With this in mind, what are your goals at UCLA Anderson and in your short-term and long-term career? (750 words maximum) Optional Essay . The following essay is optional. No preference is given in the evaluation process to applicants who submit an optional essay. Please note that we only accept written essays. Are there any extenuating circumstances in your profile about which the Admissions Committee should be aware? Please use your best judgment. (250 words maximum) Re-applicant Essay : Reapplicants who applied for the class entering in fall 2014 or 2015 are required to complete the following essay: Please describe your career progress since you last applied and ways in which you have enhanced your candidacy. Include updates on short-term and long-term career goals, as well as your continued interest in UCLA Anderson. (750 words maximum) Application Deadline Round 1: 06 Oct 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016; Round 3: 12 Apr 2016 Marshall School of Business, University of Southern California , Los Angeles - USA USC Marshall Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Essay 1. Please complete both sections in no more than 700 words combined: a. What is your immediate short-term goal post-graduation from the USC Marshall MBA program? (Please include industry and function information in your answer). b. How will USC Marshall enable you to develop or improve your skills in order to reach your goals? Essay 2. Tell us about a time when you went beyond what was defined, established, or expected. Optional Essay . Please provide any additional information that you believe is important and/or will address any areas of concern that will be beneficial to the Admissions Committee in considering your application. (250 words) Reapplicants : Please describe any significant professional, personal, or academic growth since your last application to the USC Marshall School of Business. Discuss your specific professional goals and how the USC Marshall MBA Program will help you achieve these goals. (500 ? 700 words) Application Deadline Round 1: 19 Oct 2015; Round 2: 08 Jan 2016; Round 3: 08 Apr 2016 *Priority consideration for merit-based scholarships given to both international and domestic students with completed applications. Recommended deadline for international applicants is Round 2. McCombs School of Business, University of Texas , Austin - USA UT McCombs Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Essay 1. At The University of Texas at Austin, what starts here changes the world. You are at the Texas MBA Orientation for the Class of 2018, meeting your cohort for the first time. Please introduce yourself to your new classmates, including relevant information about your personal and professional life. Select only one communication method that you would like to use for your response. Write an essay (250 words) Share a video introduction (one minute) Share your about.me profile Essay 2. The McCombs School of Business is where leadership is earned. We have an inclusive environment where our dynamic and driven students take an active role in the Texas MBA community. Please discuss why the Texas MBA is the ideal program for you, what you hope to achieve, and how you will contribute to your classmates' experience. (500 words) Optional Essay Please provide any additional information you believe is important and/or address any areas of concern that will be beneficial to the Admissions Committee in considering your application (e.g. unexplained gaps in work experience, choice of recommenders, academic performance, significant weaknesses in your application, or extenuating personal circumstances). (250 words) Application Deadline Round 1: 13 Oct 2015; *Round 2: 12 Jan 2016; Final Round: 31 Mar 2016 * Priority deadline for admissions scholarships & fellowships Darden School of Business - University of Virginia , Virginia - USA Virginia Darden Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays Essay. Describe the most important professional feedback you have received and how you responded to this feedback. (500 words maximum) Application Deadline TBA. Last Years: Round 1: 08 Oct 2015; Round 2: 08 Jan 2016; Round 3: 08 Apr 2016 Wharton School - University of Pennsylvania , Philadelphia - USA Wharton Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays The Admissions Committee wants to get to know you on both a professional and personal level. We encourage you to be introspective, candid, and succinct. Most importantly, we suggest you be yourself. First-time applicants and reapplicants are required to complete the same set of essay questions. Essay 1 (Required): What do you hope to gain both personally and professionally from the Wharton MBA? (500 words) Essay 2 (Optional): Please use the space below to highlight any additional information that you would like the Admissions Committee to know about your candidacy. (400 words) Additional Question for Reapplicants: All reapplicants to Wharton are required to complete the Optional Essay. Explain how you have reflected on the previous decision about your application, and discuss any updates to your candidacy (e.g., changes in your professional life, additional coursework, extracurricular/volunteer engagements). You may also use this section to address any extenuating circumstances. (250 words) Application Deadline Round 1: 29 Sep 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016; Round 3: 30 Mar 2016 Yale School of Management , New Havens - USA Yale SOM Full Time MBA 2015-2016 Application Essays ""We chose to require a single, longer essay, rather than two shorter essays, in order to give you more space to address this question?which is at the core of what an MBA education at the Yale School of Management is all about."" Essay 1. The Yale School of Management educates individuals who will have deep and lasting impact on the organizations they lead. Describe how you have positively influenced an organization?as an employee, a member, or an outside constituent. (500 words maximum) Application Deadline Round 1: 16 Sep 2015; Round 2: 07 Dec 2015; Round 3: 21 Apr 2016; For Consortium candidates, Round 1: 15 Oct 2015; Round 2: 05 Jan 2016 AGSM Australian School of Business , Sydney - Australia AGSM Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Four personal statement essays are required as part of your application. The essay questions are designed to help the Admissions Committee learn more about you. Each essay should meet the word length requirement. Essay 1. What are your professional goals? How will an MBA/GDM/GCCM from AGSM MBA Programs help you? (approx. 250 words) Essay 2. What are your most significant personal and professional achievements and why do you view them as such? (approx. 250 words) Essay 3. Describe a situation where leadership and teamwork were critical to the outcome. (approx. 250 words) Essay 4. Becoming an AGSM MBA student implies membership of a distinguished community. Describe how you will contribute to the community during your time as a student and beyond. Describe what community spirit means to you. (approx. 250 words) Application Deadline Round 1: 01 May 2014; Round 2: 01 Jul 2014; Round 3: 01 Sep 2014; Round 4 (Domestic applicants only): 06 Oct 2014 Carroll School of Management, Boston School , Chestnut Hill - USA Boston Carroll MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays The following questions have been designed to gain a fuller appreciation of your skills, abilities, and career goals. Please view your responses as an opportunity to highlight factors which you believe distinguish you from other applicants. Career Goals Please briefly identify your short and long term career goals where indicated below: *(required) Short term career goals: 200 Characters Long term career goals: 200 Characters Essay 1. Please discuss how you plan to achieve your short and long term career goals. What challenges will you face and how will you leverage your academic and professional experiences to achieve these goals? (500 words) Essay 2. Please indicate your reasons for applying to the Carroll School of Management. What unique characteristics of the Boston College MBA program resonate with you both personally and professionally? (500 words) Optional Essay (select one) 1. Please introduce yourself to the BC community. Feel free to be creative in expressing your message. (500 words) 2. Is there any aspect of your candidacy that you would like to explain in more detail? (500 words) Application Deadline Round 1: 01 Nov 2014; Round 2: 15 Jan 2015; Round 3: 15 Mar 2015; Round 4: 15 Apr 2015 Marriott School, Brigham Young University , Provo - USA BYU Marriott MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays We recommend that the statement of intent be one to two pages, single spaced. In addition to using the statement to express why you want to attend BYU and what you bring to the program, you may use it as a letter of explanation to bring to the admission committee's attention anything you would like to explain that is not addressed elsewhere. Statement of Intent . The purpose of the statement of intent is to provide information which is not included in your application or academic records and which may be useful to the admissions committee. Write a carefully constructed statement of your academic preparation and goals, indicating how graduate work fits into those goals. Statements are generally 1-2 pages but may have more specific requirements by department. This statement gives the admissions committee an opportunity to learn the following: 1. your preparation and background for the program to which you are applying and the special emphasis you hope to pursue in it, 2. your academic or professional goals and reasons for your choice of career, 3. your particular academic or professional reasons for applying to Brigham Young University and the scholarly or professional contributions you expect to make to your program; 4. your expected graduate degree completion date, and 5. (optional) any special circumstances you wish the department to consider, such as whether or not you plan to attend full-time, circumstances that may have affected undergraduate academic performance, test scores, etc. Application Deadline : Round 1: 01 Dec 2014; *Round 2: 15 Jan 2015; **Round 3: 01 Mar 2015; ***Round 4: 01 May 2015 *Recommended international application submission date; **Final international application deadline; ***Final domestic application deadline CEIBS China Europe International Business School , Shanghai China CEIBS Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Each applicant is required to answer essay questions which are included in the online application form, to demonstrate your potential as a qualified MBA student. Re-applicants are also required to submit updated essays as well as the online application form. Essay 1. Discuss your post-MBA career aspirations and explain how you plan to achieve them. (300 words) Essay 2. For question 2(a) and 2(b), you only need to answer one of the two questions. a . CEIBS is situated in Shanghai - a truly global city, and the economic center of the world's fastest growing economy. Given its unique location, how do you anticipate that Shanghai will differentiate your MBA experience and contribute to your goals? (400 words) b. Discuss a situation where you have demonstrated significant leadership ability. (400 words) Essay 3. For question 3(a) and 3(b), you only need to answer one of the two questions. a . Many would argue that entrepreneurship is not necessarily a state of being, but a state of mind. Describe an entrepreneurial experience where you went against the grain or conventional way of thinking, to discover and create new value. (400 words) b. Identify up to 3 trends, big or small, that you see unfolding in the next decade. Discuss how the(se) trend(s) will affect you and how you plan to deal with them both on campus and in the future. (400 words) Essay 4. (Optional) Is there any other information that you believe would be helpful to the MBA Admission Committee in evaluating your application? (200 words). Re-applicants are suggested to describe the progress you have made since your previous application. Application Deadline Round 1: 05 Nov 2014; Round 2: 14 Jan 2015; Round 3: 23 Mar 2015 * Round 1 and Round 2 applicants are eligible for Liu Ji/Wu Jinglian Education Fund and company-sponsored scholarships The Chinese University of Hong Kong , Hong Kong Chinese University of Hong Kong MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Objective Statement : Describe your objectives and motives for seeking an MBA degree by answering the three questions in the following template. The Admissions Committee places strong emphasis on this statement. Please write no more than 300 words for each of the following questions. The Admissions Committee places strong emphasis on this statement 1) What kind of self-learning initiatives have you pursued during the last two years? Why did you choose these initiatives? 2) What will be the major motivational factors for you to grow in your future career? Or perform better in a new environment? 3) What is your career goal in the next 2-3 years? Application Deadline Round 1: 15 Nov 2014; Round 2: 15 Jan 2015; Round 3: 31 Mar 2015 Cass Business School, City University , London - UK City Cass MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Personal Statement - Below are the questions we would like you to cover: Discuss the greatest threats and opportunities for the current area of business you work in , or area you aspire to work in post-MBA. (approx. 400 words) As further support of your application, please tell us why you want to do an MBA and why Cass is the right fit for you. (approx. 400 words) Application Deadline Rolling Admissions: submission of full application at least four months in advance of the start of the course is recommended. Johnson Graduate School of Management - Cornell University , New York - USA Cornell Johnson MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essays Required for All Applicants You are the author for the book of Your Life Story. In 1000 characters or less, please write the table of contents for the book in the space provided or upload it as an attachment. Note: approach this essay with your unique style. We value creativity and authenticity. Targeted Job Type What is the job that you would like to have immediately upon graduating with your MBA? (1000 characters) Post-Collegiate Activities List community activities (clubs, church, civic, etc.) and professional associations you contributed to since graduation from college. Please include the organization name, your role, hours dedicated, elected offices held, and dates of participation (1000 character limit). Collegiate Activities and Employment List your extracurricular activities while in college in order of importance to you. You may include details about your positions and the time commitment, honors or awards received, and dates of participation. The list may also include part-time and summer employment held while in college. Please list your employer, job title, responsibilities, hours per week, and the dates for each position (1000 character limit). Hobbies and Activities Please describe any hobbies or activities that hold special significance for you (1000 character limit). Optional Essay Complete this essay if you would like to add additional details regarding your candidacy. For instance, if you believe one or more aspects of your application (e.g., undergraduate record or test scores) do not accurately reflect your potential for success at the Johnson School. (1000 character limit) Park Fellowship Essay If applying for the Park Fellowship, please answer the essay question below. What is your greatest example of leadership and what personal qualities helped you succeed in that role? (1000 character limit) Application Deadline - Round 1: 01 Oct 2014; Round 2: 07 Jan 2015; Round 3: 11 Mar 2015; Rolling Admissions: 03 Jun 2015 - Final day to submit Late applications will be accepted until April 30th and will review them on a rolling basis with final decisions posted by June 4th. Cranfield School of Management, Cranfield University , Bedford - UK Cranfield MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays You must answer the following four questions in full before we can consider your application. The recommended length for each answer is 200 - 400 words. YOU as a person Essay 1. Please outline your career objectives and how the MBA will help you to achieve them. Essay 2. What positions of responsibility have you held (not necessarily business related)? What have you gained from these experiences? Essay 3. What single event or achievement has been most significant in your life? What were the results of this event or achievement? Essay 4. Please describe an ethical dilemma you have experienced firsthand. How did you manage the situation? Additional information Please give details of your hobbies, sporting activities and other outside interests, for example work in the community. Please add any other information that you believe may influence your application. Please use this space to make a case for being awarded one of our scholarships. Please specify which scholarship you are applying for. Application Deadline Round 1: 30 Oct 2014; Round 2: 30 Jan 2015; Round 3: 24 Apr 2015; Round 4: 26 Jun 2015 ESADE Business School , Barcelona - Spain ESADE Spain MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Personal essays (each question is limited to 2000 characters including spaces, 30 lines approximately) What makes you YOU? Today there is a growing need for outstanding business leaders who excel in their field and adapt quickly to the changing needs of the market. Companies look to us for future leaders - people whose expertise and entrepreneurial abilities are flexible and suit a variety of leadership roles. Your drive and motivation and the individual qualities that you bring to the table are your best selling points and are what will enrich your team members most. It is this individuality, together with the diversity at ESADE and our commitment to leadership, innovation and entrepreneurship that make us what we are: a talent pool for the business leaders of tomorrow. The following questions are designed to help us get a more complete picture of who you are and the impact that you will have both here at ESADE and on society after completing your MBA. Please respond openly, explaining what makes you the person that you are and who you will become. Essay 1. Which aspects have you improved on during your academic and professional career so far? Which tools or values have helped you achieve this? Essay 2. How will your background, values and non work-related activities enhance the experience of other ESADE MBA students and add to the diverse culture we strive for at ESADE? (Note: The goal of this essay is to get a sense of who you are, rather than what you have accomplished) Essay 3. What are your motivations in pursuing a full-time MBA at this point in your life? Describe your mid-term and long-term visions for your post-MBA career path. What is it about ESADE you think will help you reach your goals? Essay 4. Complete two of the following four questions or statements (1000 characters per response) a) I am most proud of... b) People may be surprised to learn that I... c) What has your biggest challenge been and what did it help you learn about yourself? d) Which historical figure do you most identify with and why? Essay 5. Please provide any additional information that you would like to bring to the attention of the Admissions Committee. This may include gaps in employment, your undergraduate record, plans to retake the GMAT or any other relevant information. Application Deadline Stage 1: 06 Oct 2014; Stage 2: 01 Dec 2014; Stage 3: 12 Jan 2015; Stage 4: 09 Feb 2015; Stage 5: 02 Mar 2015; Stage 6: 13 Apr 2015; Stage 7: 18 May 2015; Stage 8: 15 Jun 2015; Stage 9: 06 Jul 2015 RSM Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University , Rotterdam - Netherlands Erasmus RSM MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays The essays form an integral role in the application and selection procedure. Before you begin preparing your essays, you are requested to conduct a thorough self-assessment. The essays are meant to present a unique picture of you. The Admissions Committee is interested to learn about you, what your values are and the distinctive qualities that make you an interesting candidate for our MBA Program. Please respond fully but concisely to each question. Each essay should contain around 500 words. Essay 1. How do you see your career developing and how will this programme help you achieve your goals? Essay 2. Describe your favorite hobby, pastime or sport and explain how it reflects your personality. Essay 3. Describe the most difficult decision you have made and its personal effect on you. Essay 4 (Optional). Please feel free to supply any additional information that you believe would be helpful to the Admissions Committee in making the final decision on your application. Application Deadline Rolling Admissions with a deadline of 03 Nov 2014 HEC School of Management , Paris - France HEC Paris Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Answer each essay topic listed below as completely and candidly as possible. Essays should be typed and should not exceed the number of words assigned. Essay 1. Why are you applying to the HEC MBA Program now? What is the professional objective that will guide your career choice after your MBA, and how will the HEC MBA contribute to the achievement of this objective? (500 words) Essay 2. What do you consider your most significant life achievement? (250 words) Essay 3. Leadership and ethics are inevitably intertwined in the business world. Describe a situation in which you have dealt with these issues and how they have influenced you. (250 words) Essay 4. Imagine a life entirely different from the one you now lead, what would it be? (250 words) Essay 5. Please choose from one of the following essays: (250 words) A. What monument or site would you advise a first-time visitor to your country or city to discover, and why? B. Certain books, movies or plays have had an international success that you believe to be undeserved. Choose an example and analyze it. C. What figure do you most admire and why? You may choose from any field (arts, literature, politics, business, etc.). Essay 6. Is there any additional information you would like to share with us? (900 words) Application Deadline Sep 2014 Intake - Round 1: 15 Aug 2013; Round 2: 15 Sep 2013; Round 3: 15 Oct 2013; Round 4: 15 Nov 2013; Round 5: 15 Dec 2013; Round 6: 01 Jan 2014; Round 7: 01 Feb 2014; Round 8: 01 Mar 2014; Round 9: 01 Apr 2014; Round 10: 01 May 2014; Round 11: 01 Jun 2014; Round 12: 01 Jul 2014 Jan 2015 Intake - Round 1: 01 Jan 2014; Round 2: 01 Feb 2014; Round 3: 01 Mar 2014; Round 4: 01 Apr 2014; Round 5: 01 May 2014; Round 6: 01 Jun 2014; Round 7: 01 Jul 2014; Round 8: 15 Aug 2014; Round 9: 15 Sep 2014; Round 10: 15 Oct 2014; Round 11: 15 Nov 2014 Hong Kong UST Business School , Hongkong HKUST Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays The Admissions Committee would like to know more about your interest and motivation in pursuing the HKUST MBA program. Please complete all the essay questions below. Essay 1. Please tell us the motivations to pursue an MBA program, and why is now the best timing to do one. (~200 words) Essay 2. Please elaborate on your career goals. How will your academic training, professional experience coupled with an MBA education at HKUST help you achieve your goals? (~200 words) Essay 3. If admitted, how could your participation at HKUST MBA enrich fellow students? experience inside or outside classroom? (~200 words) Essay 4. Please pick and answer ONE of the two topics in the space below. State either 4a or 4b at the beginning of your essay. (~300 words) 4a. Describe a situation where your initial attempt to solve a problem failed. Tell us how you get around to finally solve the problem. 4b. Describe a situation where you created opportunities for yourself and led to a favorite outcome. Essay 5. Please pick and answer ONE of the two topics in the space below. State either 5a or 5b at the beginning of your essay. (~300 words) 5a. Tell us a situation when you experienced challenges in team setting, and what you have done to help the team achieve its goals. 5b. Describe a situation when you got frustrated over differences in culture or work style. What have you learnt from that experience? Essay 6. Please tell us a situation where you faced an ethical dilemma. How did you handle the situation? (~200 words) Essay 7. What do you want the Admissions Committee to know about you as a person? (~200 words) Additional Information (optional) . Please provide in the space below any additional information which you think will be helpful for the Admissions Committee to evaluate your candidacy. (max 200 words) Application Deadline Phase 1: 13 Nov 2014; Phase 2: 13 Jan 2015; Phase 3: 13 Mar 2015 Imperial College Business School , London - UK Imperial MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essay 1. Please outline your current thoughts on your future career aspirations and goals. (Word limit: 700) Essay 2. Is there any further information you wish to add in support of your application? Please use this space to provide an explanation of any areas of concern in your academic or professional history. (Word limit: 500) Application Deadline Rolling Admissions: submission of application before September is recommended IMD International Institute for Management Development , Lausanne - Switzerland IMD Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Career Essays : What is your career goal post IMD? Maximum 200 characters. What are the skills you need to develop in order to achieve your goal? Maximum 200 characters. Essay 1. Describe yourself in two hundred words or less. Maximum 200 words Essay 2. Give an example of a time when you were confronted with an unrecoverable event. How did it affect you and what were your greatest learnings? Maximum 300 words Essay 3. On your 75th birthday someone close to you presents your laudatio (tribute). It can be a friend, colleague, family member etc. Please describe in detail what this person would say about you and your life. Maximum 300 words Additional Questions : Maximum 300 words Is there any additional information that is critical for the Admissions Committee to know which has not been covered elsewhere in this application? If you would like to comment on career gaps, education, GMAT/GRE, a disability or illness, please use this space. (Optional) Administrative Questions : Your responses to these questions will not be taken into consideration in the admissions process. 1. How do you intend to finance your MBA at IMD? What would your budget be? Maximum 300 words 2. Why are you applying to IMD? What other programs have you considered / are you considering? Maximum 300 words Application Deadline Jan 2016 intake Round 1: 01 Feb 2015; Round 2: 01 Apr 2015; Round 2: 01 Jun 2015; Round 4: 01 Aug 2015; Round 5: 01 Sep 2015 Kelley School of Business, Indiana University , Bloomington - USA Indiana Kelley MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Your essays will give us an idea of your personality, perspectives, and opinions and willlet us know how closely your professional objectives match the objectives of the MBA program. We encourage you to be honest, informative, creative, and concise. Required Essay 1. Please discuss your immediate post-MBA professional goals. How will your professional experience, when combined with a Kelley MBA degree, allow you to achieve these goals? Should the short-term goals you have identified not materialize, what alternate career paths might you consider? (500 words) Please respond to one of the following short essay prompts. (300 words): a. My greatest memory is... b. I'm most afraid of... c. My greatest challenge has been... d. I'm most proud of... Essay 3. Please share with the admissions committee an interesting or surprising fact about you. (25 words) Optional Essay 5. Is there anything else that you think we should know as we evaluate your application? If you believe your credentials and essays represent you fairly, you shouldn't feel obligated to answer this question. (300 words) Application Deadline Early Round: 15 Oct 2014; Priority Round: 05 Jan 2015; Round 3: 01 Mar 2015; Round 4: 15 Apr 2015 IE - Instituto de Empresa Business School , Madrid - Spain IE Spain MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Express Yourself: In this second part of the section ""More about You"" you have the chance to show us in a freer, more personalized way characteristics of the way you think and work, which will help us analyze your candidacy in more depth. You have to choose and respond to three questions. At least one of these responses must be in text format. You have the option of responding to the rest of the questions through the following forms of human expression: poetry, photography, drawing, video (with a response that is spoken, sung, danced or played on a musical instrument), animation or presentation. With the exception of compositions in text format, all the rest of the responses must be linked to content hosting platforms. You may also choose to tweet your response using the hashtag #IEApplication and copy the link of your tweet in the bottom of this page. We suggest the following platforms: photography or drawing: Picasa/Flickr; video or animation: Youtube/Vimeo; presentation: Prezi/Slideshare All your compositions must be absolutely original and specifically intended for this admission application. The compositions must be composed, executed and completed by you alone, without the direct help of outside experts. Before submitting the links, check that they work correctly. The links must be active and available for consultation for a minimum of 18 months after the date the application is submitted. Write between 400 and 600 words per essay (in .pdf, . doc or. docx, font size 11, line spacing 1.5). Remember that all the essays must be in one single file, with the question(s) being answered indicated in its header. These are the questions you must choose from: Essay A. If you had the opportunity, what actions would you demand of the United Nations Secretary General and why? Essay B. Describe the situation with the greatest ethical complexity that you have faced in your professional or academic life, and how your input helped resolve it. Essay C. Describe a time when you took a great risk. What was the outcome? Essay D. Cite at least one example of when your leadership had an impact on or changed a certain situation, and justify how an IE Master?s Degree program would help you to strengthen or improve this competence. Essay E. Describe the most outstanding leader you have worked with. Indicate some aspects of the way you work that are similar to the way this leader works and others that are different. Essay F. You have just participated in an important meeting with your superior. How will you ensure that every part of the instructions you received will properly reach all subordinates, suppliers and clients, located in different parts of the world? Essay G. Do you think that the lifestyle of the inhabitants of your town or city reflects behavior that is in line with the concept of sustainable development? In your opinion, what should be improved? Essay H. What do you believe are the greatest challenges facing the sector or industry you would like to specialize in at IE? What role do you hope to be able to play in this sector or industry in the medium term? Essay I. Show us an activity you enjoy doing. Tell us how you think it contributes to your personal and professional development Essay J. How do you imagine social interaction within 10 years, taking into consideration the impact of technology on human relations? Essay K. If all of the world's cultural heritage (sports, music, fashion, architecture, literature, painting, etc..) was contained in a time capsule, what would you include to demonstrate the legacy of your country? Essay L. How do you envision the city of the future? Application Deadline Given the differing professional demands of each individual, IE Business School offers a rolling admissions process. As such, there are no submission deadlines for any particular intake. However, given the limited number of places in the program and the diverse student body, it is highly recommended you present your application approximately 1 year prior to program commencement, especially as seats fill far prior to the program start. Manchester Business School, The University of Manchester , Manchester - UK Manchester Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essay 1. Your Professional Experience and Achievements (minimum 500 words) Please describe your professional experience and career progression to date including the dates of any promotions and salary increases. We would like to learn about the companies you have worked for, the breadth and depth of the knowledge you have acquired in the workplace, your key achievements, your management and international business experiences and the impact you have made in your different roles. Particularly highlight the parts of your career that demonstrate any of the following: Managing people (team, business area, department, company) Managing client relationships Leading significant projects Managing budgets, resources or processes Defining/influencing strategy International exposure Entrepreneurial experience Essay 2. Your aspirations (minimum 300 words) To address the following questions: What are your professional and personal aspirations and why is an MBA important in your plans? What type of industry sector(s), organisation(s) and location(s) would you ideally like to work in? How do you think your current experience combined with the Manchester Business School MBA will help you to achieve your aspirations? If you aren?t able to reach your primary goal immediately do you have a plan B? PowerPoint Presentation . Tell us about you? Taking into account what we currently know about you from your CV and application, we would like you to send us a presentation to share with us anything else that you would like us to know. Your presentation will be printed and reviewed by the MBA Admissions Committee. There is no right answer to this question. The presentation is a blank canvas to paint a picture that will help us to know you better. We hope to learn about your personality, what makes you stand out, what motivates and interests you and why you are the ?right fit? for our transformational MBA. Your presentation will be evaluated not on technical expertise but on the content, creativity and your ability to express your ideas. Presentation Format You can choose the software that works best for your creativity - PowerPoint, PDF, Word, Prezi etc. Maximum 4 pages/slides Check that your presentation is effective and the formatting preserved when printed. Please do not include motion images, videos, music or hyperlinks etc. Application Deadline Stage 1: 01 Oct 2014; Stage 2: 01 Nov 2014; Stage 3: 01 Dec 2014; Stage 4: 05 Jan 2015; Stage 5: 01 Feb 2015; Stage 6: 01 Mar 2015; Stage 7: 01 Apr 2015; Stage 8: 01 May 2015; Stage 9*: 01 Jun 2015; Stage 10**: 01 Jul 2015. *Final deadline for international non-European Union applicants; **Final deadline for UK and European Union applicants. Melbourne Business School , Melbourne - Australia Melbourne Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Please give careful thought to your personal statements. As a guide, your response to each question should be between 100 and 300 words long (a maximum character limit applies). Personal Statements Essay 1. What are your long term career goals? Essay 2. What is unique about your background and experience that you would bring to your classmates at MBS? Essay 3. What gaps in your knowledge or skills do you hope that this program will help you to work on? Essay 4. Describe a workplace situation where you had a responsibility for managing people. Reflect on what you learned. Application Deadline International Candidates: 31 Mar 2015; Domestic Candidates: 19 Apr 2015 Farmer School of Business, Miami University , Oxford - USA Miami Farmer Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays The MBA admission process involves a close look at the fit between the prospective students' expectations and needs from the MBA Program compared with what the Program offers. To help us understand this critical piece of the evaluation, please focus your essay on the following: Your short and long-term career goals and how you believe an MBA, specifically from Miami University, will help you achieve those goals. Please be as specific as possible on the benefits you expect or need to receive from the MBA Program as it relates to your future career progression. Your essay should be typed and double-spaced, with your name on the top of each page. The length of the essay should be no more than 800 words. Application Deadline Priority: 03 Oct 2014; Rolling Carlson School of Management - University of Minnesota , Minneapolis - USA Minnesota Carlson Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Personal Statement All applicants must submit a personal statement following the guidelines below. Only PDF files will be accepted. We want to admit a diverse, intellectually curious, and interesting group of students who will contribute to and benefit from the Carlson MBA Program. This section of the application helps the admissions committee get to know you better as an individual, and allows the committee to evaluate the extent to which your skills, interests, values, and career goals are well suited for the program. Please write a personal statement using no more than 750 words (2 pages), that addresses the following questions: Briefly describe your short-term and long-term career goals. Why are you choosing to pursue an MBA at this time in your career, and what are you hoping to accomplish by doing so? Why are you interested in pursuing an MBA at the Carlson School of Management? What do you feel makes you a strong candidate for the program? How will you contribute to the MBA Program overall? Optional: You may use this optional statement to address any extenuating circumstances that negatively impacted your academic performance or your test scores, or to explain any gaps in your work experiences. Use this statement only for the purpose described. Your statement should be limited to no more than 500 words (1 page). Application Deadline Round 1: 01 Nov 2014; Round 2: 01 Dec 2014; Round 3: 01 Feb 2015; Round 4: 01 Apr 2015 ( for US Applicants only) Nanyang Business School , Singapore Nanyang Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Personal Statement of Objectives and Essays The Admissions Committee is interested in getting to know you more. Please answer the following questions candidly. Applicants are required to complete all 3 essays. Essay 1. Briefly assess your career progress to date. Elaborate on your near-term (3-5 years) future career objectives and how pursuing a Nanyang MBA will help you achieve these. (400 word limit) Essay 2. Tell us about two achievements (one personal and one professional) that you are most proud of, and why you feel that to be so. (400 word limit) Essay 3. How do you anticipate contributing to the Nanyang MBA Program and your fellow participants? It may be helpful to share experiences from your past where you have been able to do something similar. (400 word limit) Reapplicant Essay . Since the time of your last application, how has your perspective regarding your future & Nanyang MBA changed? (300 word limit) Additional Essay Social Responsibility: Briefly describe your involvement in any Social Responsibilty or Sustainable Development activities (maximum 150 words). Application Deadline Round 1: 31 Dec 2014; Round 2: 31 Mar 2015 Mendoza College of Business, University of Notre Dame , Notre Dame - USA Notre Dame Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Please complete the following essay question. Create a file for your essay and include your name on each page. Your essay should be typed, double-spaced, and no longer than 2 pages. Essay I. Your responsibility as a lifelong member of the Mendoza community is to Ask More of Business - to exemplify individual integrity, organizational excellence, and a concern for the greater good. How do you plan to do this in your professional career? Slide Presentation Instructions . Effective communication is a central skill for managers and visual presentations are an important and common method of communication. Demonstrate your ability to clearly, concisely and persuasively communicate by telling us about yourself using a short slide presentation. Please consider the following guidelines when creating your presentation. You are free to share anything about yourself that you think would be of value to the Admissions Committee. Please use whatever software programs you like to develop your presentation, but note that the only acceptable format for upload in the online application system is Adobe PDF. There is a strict maximum of four slides, though you can provide fewer than four if you choose. The slides that you submit will be printed and added to your application file for review by the Admissions Committee. As a result, only text and static images will be seen. Videos, music, hyperlinks, etc will not be conveyed and should not be included. Color may be used. Notes pages will not be accepted. You should plan to convey your entire message on the slides themselves. Please be assured that the Admission Committee will read your essay, your resume, and your transcripts. Your slides are an opportunity to go beyond your academic and work history and demonstrate your fit for Notre Dame. Supplemental Essay Instructions . The Notre Dame MBA Admissions Committee will accept supplemental essays from applicants who wish to provide additional information that has not been captured within other areas of the application. For example, applicants with low undergraduate GPA's may address any circumstances surrounding their performance or applicants who have been dismissed from school may want to consider addressing that issue. Also, if you want to explain your work history in greater detail, please use the Supplemental Essay to provide us with a chronology of your work history. If you are a re-applicant, you must complete a Supplemental Essay outlining your activities since you last applied. Ultimately, we will accept supplemental essays on any topic that you feel is important to the Committee and not explained fully within other portions of the application. Application Deadline Early Round: 08 Sep 2014; Round 1: 13 Oct 2014; Round 2: 12 Jan 2015; Round 3: 23 Feb 2015 NUS - National University of Singapore Business School , Singapore NUS Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays All applicants to the NUS MBA programme have to complete three essay questions via the online application system. The word limit for each essay is 300 words. If you are a re-applicant to the NUS MBA Programmes, you will need to complete an additional re-applicant essay. Essay 1. We would like you to tell us about your post-MBA immediate career goals and how your professional experiences have prepared you to achieve these goals. You may do so by a 300 words written essay or a two-minute video. If you wish to submit a video, you can upload it on YouTube, change the privacy settings to ?Unlisted? and email us the URL. Alternatively, you can send in your video to us in a thumbdrive or CD. Essay 2. The mission of NUS Business School is to advance knowledge and develop leaders so as to serve business and society. Discuss how you will contribute toward advancing the mission based on examples of past work and activities. Essay 3. Tell us something interesting or unique about yourself which you think would be helpful for the Admission Committee to better evaluate your candidacy. Essay (Only applicable to re-applicants). Please provide an update on any new aspects of your professional, international, academic or personal profile that would not have been included in your previous application. Please also explain your motivation for re-applying to NUS. Application Deadline Round 1: 01 Oct 2014 - 31 Jan 2014 (Scholarship Qualifying Period); Round 2: 01 Feb 2015 - 31 Mar 2015 Fisher College of Business - Ohio State University , Columbus - USA Ohio Fisher Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essay questions give you the opportunity to present yourself more fully to our MBA Admissions Committee and to provide insight into your experiences, goals, and thought processes. Required Essay Format: Two essays are required and described below. Clearly label each essay at the top of the page with your name and the essay number (e.g., essay #1 or #2) and/or essay title. Double space your essays, and use a font that is easy to read (e.g. Arial). We suggest a 12-point font. Number all essay pages at the bottom of the page. Stay within the limit of number of words per essay. Characteristics of a Good Essay: Be genuine. The content and wording should reflect who you are and allow the MBA Admissions Committee to gain insight into your personality and what motivates you. Provide examples. Making a general statement about who you are or citing your accomplishments is powerful only if you can provide the reader with underlying examples of actions that define your personality or activities that led you to success in a given project or work assignment. Invest time in writing your essays. Since the MBA Admissions Committee places great emphasis on well-structured, well-written essays that allow them to get a true ""feel"" for you, essays play an important role in the overall evaluation of an application. Essay 1. Shaping Your Vision Every year Fisher College?s Full-Time MBA program admits a select group of talented professionals with demonstrated potential to become successful business leaders in an increasingly competitive, global environment. Why do you want to earn an MBA degree in general and a Fisher College MBA in particular? How will Fisher specifically assist you in achieving your individual potential? As part of your response, include a brief summary of your professional accomplishments to date. If you have not held a full-time job or are still in college, let us know about your leadership accomplishments in a school, internship, or extracurricular context. Maximum words: 750 Essay 2. Discovering You As a Fisher College MBA student, you get the best of both worlds: the up-close and personal feel of a small program combined with the resources and opportunities offered by a major research university. As an individual participant, you will play a key role in shaping our culture. Consequently, we would like to learn more about who you are and the unique characteristics you will contribute to the Fisher College community. Provide an honest description of yourself outside your professional context, stressing the personal characteristics you believe to be your strengths and weaknesses, along with the factors that have most influenced your development to date. Maximum words: 750 Video Essay (Optional) Optional for applicants who wish to be considered for any available merit-based funding opportunities. In the online application you will be provided a link and step by step instructions to complete the video essay. Question: ?You can never pay back, but you can always pay forward.? - Wayne Woodrow ?Woody? Hayes When you ?Pay it forward? you do something good for someone in response to a good deed that was done for you. You do not need to repay the person who did something good for you, but rather do something good for someone else. If you were to be admitted to The Fisher College of Business and receive funding support from the university, what would you do to ?pay it forward??. Supplemental Information (optional): Please feel free to provide a statement concerning any information you would like to add to your application that you have not addressed elsewhere. Maximum words: 250 Application Deadline Round 1: 15 Oct 2014; Round 2: 15 Nov 2014*; Round 3: 15 Dec 2014**; Round 4: 15 Feb 2015; Round 5: 15 Apr 2015 *University and Graduate Enrichment Fellowship Deadline **Priority deadline for fellowships or merit-based financial aid Richard Ivey School of Business - University of Western Ontario , Ontario - Canada Ontario Ivey Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays There are 2 required essay questions on Ivey's MBA application, each with a limit of 250 words. These questions give you an opportunity to tell us about yourself, your idea of what your contribution to the Ivey community will be, and the role an Ivey MBA will play in your future. We are looking for thoughtful essays that stand out, essays that help us to become better acquainted with you. We can learn about your work experience, undergraduate program and GMAT or GRE from other parts of the application. The Admissions Committee considers your responses to the essay questions to be extremely important in the selection process. There are no right or wrong answers, but make sure you address the questions. Please use proper sentence structure in this section. Remember to check your spelling and grammar. Essay 1. Goals: What are your short-term career plans immediately post-MBA, and why is an Ivey MBA essential to those plans? (250 word limit) Essay 2 . Team: Why will your Ivey MBA classmates want to work with you on team projects? (250 word limit) Reapplicant Essay . Please highlight any significant changes / developments since your previous application to Ivey? (250 word limit) Application Deadline Early: 05 May 2014; Round 1: 22 Sep 2014; Round 2: 17 Nov 2014; Round 3: 12 Jan 2015 Said Business School - Oxford University , Oxford - UK Oxford Said Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essay 1. What should Oxford expect from you? (Maximum 500 words) Essay 2. How do you hope to see your career developing over the next 5 years? How will the MBA and Oxford assist you in the development of these ambitions? (Maximum 500 words) Essay 3. Please choose and answer one of the two essays below: - Sport is pure competition. What does it teach us about companies, individuals, and markets? (Maximum 500 words) OR - The business of business is business. Is this true? (Maximum 500 words) If you are applying under the 1+1 scheme you also need to submit the following essay: Explain why you see this as particularly beneficial for you and how it fits with your careers and personal development aims (Maximum 250 words) Re-applicants will need to complete the three essays mentioned above and a fourth essay on the topic: - What improvements have you made in your candidacy since you last applied to the Oxford MBA? (250 words) Application Deadline Stage 1: 15 Sep 2014; Stage 2: 31 Oct 2014; Stage 3: 09 Jan 2015; Stage 4: 13 Mar 2015; Stage 5: 24 Apr 2015; Stage 6: 29 May 2015 Krannert School of Management - Purdue University , Indiana - USA Purdue Krannert Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays One essay question must be completed within the online application. For ease of review, please include the essay question itself above the text of your question response. You are required to complete and submit the Statement of Purpose, along with ONE required essays (there is an optional essay). Statement of Purpose . (500 words max) ? Please submit a statement introducing yourself to the admissions committee. Some topics you may wish to discuss include: a. Brief academic and professional background b. Reason for seeking an MBA or Master?s degree at Purdue c. Desired career path after graduation e. Your thoughts on giving back as a student and as an alumnus Required Essay: Integrity (500 words max) ? What does integrity mean to you? How does integrity relate to building communities of trust in academic, personal and professional settings? What expectations should Purdue have towards its students with regards to academic integrity? What consequences should students who do not uphold these standards face? Optional Essay (250 words max). If you feel there are any parts of your application that require additional explanation, or if there is any additional information you wish to share with the admissions committee, please use this optional essay as an opportunity to do so. Application Deadline Round 1(Early): 15 Nov 2014; Round 2 (Priority): 15 Jan 2015; Round 3 (Final for International Applicants): 01 Mar 2015; Round 3 (Final for Domestic Applicants): 01 May 2015 * All domestic applicants are encouraged to meet the January 10 Priority deadline in order to receive consideration for the full range of admission and financial assistance opportunities. Jones Graduate School of Business, Rice University , Houston - USA Rice Jones Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essay 1. Describe your short-term and long-term career goals, and how the MBA will help you achieve those goals. Include in your discussion: Why is now the appropriate time to pursue an MBA, and why are you interested in obtaining a Rice MBA? (Maximum 750 words) Essay 2. Choose ONE of the following three essays (maximum 500 words): * What is the best mistake you have ever made? Include its impact on you and how it altered your view of the world. * Describe a defining moment or event that changed your life. * What historical event would you like to have witnessed or participated in, and why? Optional Video Supplement . You have the opportunity to upload an optional 90 second video supplement for your application through LikeLive and answer the following prompt: Visualize yourself joining the Rice MBA Class of 2017. Share something unique about yourself that you want your fellow Rice MBA classmates to know. Follow the link in the application to access the video submission website. Optional Essay . You may use this essay to discuss anything else that you would like the Admissions Committee to know about you, or to provide information or clarification on one or more aspects of your application. (Maximum 750 words) Re-applicant Essay . Think about the time that has elapsed since you last applied to the Jones School. What actions have you taken to improve your candidacy? (Maximum 750 words) Application Deadline Round 1: 27 Oct 2014; Round 2: 05 Jan 2015; Round 3: 23 Feb 2015; Round 4: 06 Apr 2015 Simon Graduate School of Business, University of Rochester , New York - USA Rochester Simon Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays The Admissions Committee considers the response to the one required essay question and the requested information about the applicant's employment history to be extremely important in the selection process. Please provide a well constructed essay that answers all questions in the 500 words allotted for the essay. One required essay (double spaced, 12 point font, 500 word limit) Essay 1 (Required). Describe your short-term and long-term goals for post-MBA or post-MS. Given the fluctuation of economic and industry hiring trends, please identify a back-up plan should your short-term goal not be immediately attainable. How does your past education and experience support your career objectives? What aspects of the Simon School program make it a good choice for your graduate study? (250-500 word limit) Essay 2 (Required). In 25 words or less, provide us with a fun fact about you. (25 word limit) Essay 3 (Optional). Share any information that you think is important in the evaluation of your application, including any concerns you think the Admissions Committee may have regarding your application. (500 word limit) Application Deadline Round 1: 15 Oct 2014; Round 2: 15 Nov 2014; Round 3: 05 Jan 2015; Last Deadline for International Students: 15 Mar 2015; Last Deadline for Domestic Students: 15 May 2015 Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto , Toronto - Canada Toronto Rotman Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essay 1. Please state your professional goals and how you plan to achieve them. (250 words)? Essay 2. Describe the most important piece of constructive feedback you have received recently. Please detail the circumstance and your plan to address it. (250 words) Reflection Question : List 3-5 attributes or characteristics that best describe you. Application Deadline Round 1: 04 Nov 2013; Round 2: 13 Jan 2014; Round 3: 03 Mar 2014; Round 4: 14 Apr 2014; Round 5: 02 Jun 2014 Kenan-Flagler Business School, University of North Carolina , North Carolina - U SA UNC Kenan-Flagler Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays UNC Kenan-Flagler encourages you to assess your known talents and potential skills, understand your personal style, and confirm your values and interests. If you do this prior to beginning your MBA studies, you will be better equipped to navigate the many options the MBA program will provide. There is not enough time to do all the activities and take all the courses that will be available to you. It is important, therefore, to make your choices based on your own development plan. Think of the UNC Kenan-Flagler MBA application as a first step toward uncovering the unique attributes and goals that will inform your development plan. Please be thoughtful and reflective in your answers. We have one required essay and three optional essays. Essay 1 (Required): Please describe your short and long term goals post-MBA. Explain how: your professional experience has shaped these goals; why this career option appeals to you; and how you arrived at the decision that now is the time and the MBA is the appropriate degree. (500 words maximum) Essay 2 (Optional): What personal qualities or life experiences distinguish you from other applicants? How do these qualities or experiences equip you to contribute to UNC Kenan-Flagler? (300 words maximum) Essay 3 (Optional): If your standardized test scores are low, or if you have not had coursework in core business subjects (calculus, microeconomics, statistics, financial accounting), please tell us how you plan to prepare yourself for the quantitative rigor of the MBA curriculum. (300 words maximum) Essay 4 (Optional): Is there any other information you would like to share that is not presented elsewhere in the application? (300 words maximum) Application Deadline Early Action Round: 17 Oct 2014; Deadline 2: 12 Dec 2014; Deadline 3: 16 Jan 2015; Deadline 4: 13 Mar 2015 Villanova School of Business , London - UK Villanova Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Please limit each essay response to two-pages double-spaced. Essay 1. The Type V Personality: ""There is no cookie cutter version of what makes a successful leader?but there are ingredients that we know are absolutely critical. Ambition. The ability to collaborate. Ethics. Intellectual curiosity. Integrity. Social responsibility. An awareness of the global marketplace. The desire to stay current. A deep concern for the development of others. An open mind. A personal need to give back to the community. A creative spirit. Vision. These ingredients run through the existing community at the Villanova School of Business?and they are indicators of the type of students who are the best fit at VSB."" Using a maximum of three traits in the Type V Personality, please describe yourself both personally and professionally and how you will contribute to the Villanova School of Business. Additionally, given these traits, please discuss what value you would add to the Villanova community and your peers as a member and leader of this incoming class. Essay 2. Professional Aspirations: Please discuss how this degree will impact your short and long-term career plans and address the following questions: Why pursue an MBA at this point in your career? What actions have you taken to determine that Villanova is the best fit for your MBA experience? Essay (Optional). Are there any other factors you would like the Admissions Committee to consider when reviewing your application? Application Deadline Round 1: 15 Dec 2014; Round 2: 15 Feb 2015; Round 3: 15 Apr 2015; Round 4: 30 Jun 2015 Schools of Business, Wake Forest University , Winston-Salem - USA Wake Forest Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essays will be evaluated on how well you articulate your goals and how clearly you identify how or why the features of a Wake Forest MBA fit your objectives and personal characteristics. The essay has a 500-word limit and should be typed, double-spaced, using 11 point font. Essay 1. How will your graduate business degree from Wake Forest University fulfill your personal goals and positively impact your current or future organization and the greater community/society? (750 word limit, double-spaced) Essay 2. Please answer ONE of the following questions (750 word limit, double-spaced) Tell us about a time when you were placed in an uncomfortable and challenging situation. How did you address the challenges you faced? What was the outcome and what did you learn about yourself? OR Identify a long term-goal you created for yourself. What obstacles or challenges did you encounter in pursuit of this goal? How did you address them and what was the outcome? Did you achieve your goal and what did you learn about yourself?? Optional Essay . Please use the optional essay to address anomalies that may exist in your application and/or special requests for the Admissions Committee to consider as they review your application (i.e. poor academic performance, gaps in your educational/work history, special requests, appeals, needs, etc.) If you are applying to the Evening or Saturday MBA program and are requesting a GMAT/GRE waiver, please use this essay to make that request. (750 word limit, double-spaced) If you are a reapplicant, you are required to submit the optional essay explaining what you have done to strengthen your application within the past year. Dingledine Scholar for Positive Social Impact Essay : Describe your dream for a different and better world. How might you manifest your dream into reality? How are you presently working to better the lives of others in fulfillment of your dream? How will your Wake Forest MBA experience facilitate your creating this reality? (500 word maximum, double-spaced) Application Deadline Scholarship Deadline: 15 Feb 2012; Final Deadline: 15 Apr 2012 Warwick Business School , Coventry - USA Warwick Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Essay 1. Please describe your main interests and leisure activities, and any other experiences or involvement that has significantly influenced your career or personal development. Please limit your response to 200 words. Essay 2. Imagine our admission decisions are being made based on a tweet on Twitter. How would you define the contribution you will make to the Warwick MBA in 140 characters or less? Please limit your response to 140 characters. Essay 3. What are your short- and long-term career goals? How do you see the Warwick MBA influencing your career thinking and helping you to achieve these goals? Please limit your response to 300 words. Essay 4. Tell us about one of your major accomplishments and conversely, one setback that you have faced. What did you learn from each? Please limit your response to 300 words. Essay 5. Choose from one of the following two topics, writing no more than 1000 words. Either ""In your opinion, what are the key issues facing your organisation over the next five years?"" OR ""Identify the major strengths and weaknesses of an organisation of your choice. If you were the CEO, what three things would you change? Please limit your response to 1000 words. Essay (Optional) Please use this page for any additional information that was not captured within your application. If you feel you've already provided us with sufficient information about yourself, you need not add anything here. Please limit your response to 300 words. Application Deadline Jul Intake: 30 Apr; Jan Intake: 31 Oct Olin School of Business, Washington University , St. Louis - USA Washington Olin Full Time MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays The purpose of these statements/essays is to help the Admissions Committee get to know you. Any information you can provide concerning those qualities and experiences that distinguish you from other applicants will be especially helpful. Please leave a one-inch margin at the top and bottom of each page of your essay. Statement of Purpose (required): Please provide a statement of purpose that describes your decision to pursue the Olin MBA or Specialized Master's degree for which you are applying. Your response should include a thoughtful presentation of the personal and professional experiences that have led to your decision to pursue graduate management education. It should also provide an identification of your specific short- and long-term career objectives, an explanation of your decision to pursue this degree at this point in your life, a description of your specific interest in the Olin Business School, and any other information that would help inform the Admissions Committee of your qualifications for our program. (500 ? 1,000 words) Essay (Optional) . Please provide any additional information not previously addressed in other areas of the application that you feel would be helpful to the Admissions Committee in its assessment of your candidacy. (300 word maximum) Application Deadline Round 1: 01 Oct 2014; Round 2: 15 Nov 2014; Round 3: 05 Jan 2015; Round 4: 15 Feb 2015; Round 5: 01 Apr 2015; Round 6: Rolling Admissions after 01 Apr 2015 Schulich School of Business , York University , Ontario - Canada York Schulich MBA 2014-2015 Application Essays Please answer the following questions and statements clearly and concisely ensuring that each essay adheres to the required word length requested. The following question will assist the Admission Committee in evaluating your application. Essay 1. How will the Schulich MBA degree help you achieve your short and long-term career goals? (please limit your answer to 350 words.) Essay 2. Describe a time when you were faced with an ethical dilemma. What strategies did you use to resolve the issue? What would you have done differently if faced with a similar situation? (please limit your answer to 350 words.) Essay (Optional). Is there any other information or areas of concern in your academic or personal history that you believe would be helpful to the Admissions Committee in considering your application? Application Deadline (January Intake): 01 Sep (early); 01 Oct (final) (September Intake): 07 Jan (early deadline - US/Canada Applicants); 28 Feb (International Applicants); 30 Apr (final deadline - US/Canada Applicants) Š 2001-2016 essaylabb.com "
  Email Address Format for pgp.isb.edu | Email Format Email Format Browse Domains Search Pricing Login Home Domain pgp.isb.edu Want to directly email someone at Pgp but don't know their address? Maybe you just had an interview and didn't get a business card for a follow-up? Or you've got a name and nothing more from LinkedIn? Don't sweat it, we've got you covered. Get the email address format for people working at pgp.isb.edu Identified Name Formats Representative Email Addresses Export to Excel medium confidence first_name _ last_name 71% e.g. John_Smith@pgp.isb.edu parth_awasthi2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) mithilesh_pathak2012@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Feb 2014 - ) gaurav_prakash2010@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Sep 2013 - www.isb.edu/peconference ) abhishek_verma2012@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Feb 2014 - ) vivin_mathew2010@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Nov 2013 - isbweblog.com/category/clubs/consulting_club ) deepak_parayanken2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) chava_krishna2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) roshan_dsouza2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) kunal_kapur2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) gautam_aggarwal2010@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Mar 2015 - ) sidharth_negandhi2010@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Sep 2013 - www.isb.edu/peconference ) akshash_agarwal2012@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Feb 2014 - ) manish_swaroop2010@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Sep 2013 - www.isb.edu/peconference ) madhumita_n2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) arun_uday2003@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - arunuday.com ) amit_dhingra2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) vaibhav_shah2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) mitalee_mulpuru2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) nupur_shah2008@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Mar 2015 - ) vashistha_maheshwari2010@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Sep 2013 - www.isb.edu/peconference ) ravinder_singh2012@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Feb 2014 - ) rishika_chandan2010@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Sep 2013 - www.isb.edu/peconference ) debrupa_chattopadhyay2012@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Feb 2014 - ) varun_rajwade2010@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Sep 2013 - my.simmons.edu/som/docs ) roopan_aulakh2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) nirav_shah2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) tushar_bhatia2011@pgp.isb.edu Mark as: Real Person Bad Address score 0 (found Oct 2013 - www.isb.edu/entrepreneurship_vcclub ) © Copyright 2016 All rights reserved about | faq | access subscriptions | advertising opportunities | contact us "
  ISB PGP Video on Vimeo Join Log in Host videos Compare plans Professionals Businesses Video lovers Video School Watch Staff Picks Categories Channels Groups Apps More… On Demand What’s new Discover Genres TV + Series Start selling Upload Staff Picks Join or log in Watch Upload On Demand Help More stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Cookies Desktop site Language English Español Deutsch Français ??? Português ??? FAQ TM + © 2016 Vimeo, Inc. Please enable JavaScript to experience Vimeo in all of its glory. ISB PGP Video from sumanthmuvvala 4 years ago Vimeo About Vimeo Vimeo Blog Vimeo Guidelines Developers Jobs Help Help Center Video School FAQ Forums More On Demand Everywhere Upload Site Map Upgrade Vimeo Plus Vimeo PRO Vimeo Business Did you know? Customize your profile URL so you’re easier to find. Unless your real name is ""User94532."" TM + © 2016 Vimeo, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Copyright Cookies Made with in NYC. Language: English Mature content filter: None "
 ISB Early Entry Option (PGP) · Storify Browse Log In Sign Up ISB Early Entry Option (PGP) ISB Early Entry Option is designed for young professionals. The application for EEO PGP program is in process for 2014-2015. Get complete details here. by jamesblake12 1 Like 21 Views storify.com 18 views Embed ISB Early Entry Option (PGP) 2014 - Know imp. dates and information Indian School of Business (ISB) is one of the top global MBA business schools in India. ISB's flagship programme is Post Graduate in Management (PGP) program. ISB has designed an Early Entry Option (EEO) program for working professionals. Genedmba Read next page 1 Share Embed Show Templates Hide Templates Story Grid Slideshow Full Header Mini Header Border Embed Code Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Share Storify Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Email Related stories Need Help? Report Abuse Storify 2 About Blog Jobs Tools API Terms Privacy © 2016 Storify Log In Sign Up Browse Stories Information Enterprise Plan About Blog Jobs Support Need Help? Report Abuse Storify @Storify Address Storify Inc. 149 9th St., Suite 404 San Francisco, CA 94103 Email: info@storify.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/Storify Facebook: http://facebook.com/Storify Are you sure? Are you sure you want to delete your account? You'll lose everything, forever! Of course not! Yes, delete it! Are you sure? Are you sure you want to change your username? Changing your username will break existing story embeds, meaning older stories embedded on other Web sites will no longer appear Of course not! Yes, change it! You are about to permanently delete this story. This cannot be undone. To confirm this action, please enter the title of the story below. Cancel Delete Are you sure? Are you sure you want to flag this story? No, cancel Yes, flag it!"
  What is ISB PGP and Whom Is It Designed For? | Online Digital Media Online Digital Media Double the number of your leads and half your costs Main menu Skip to content Home About Contact Us Post navigation ? How Commercial Cleaning Service will Help You in Your Business? GOSF Attracts 2 Million Visitors This Year ? Dec 21 2013 What is ISB PGP and Whom Is It Designed For? Indian School of Business (ISB) is one of the leading b-schools of the world. It’s Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) develops global leaders with an insight on the emerging economies and their business challenges. The ISB PGP is in fact a one year programme that incorporates practical industry applications with a thorough, avant-garde research based curriculum. It has transformed many mid-career professionals to the successful global business leaders. So, if you want to study management mid-career and see yourself in roles of greater responsibilities, then this programme is for you. You can polish your skills and challenge wisdom when you take ISB admission. While undertaking the PGP, you can learn from, interact and engage with prominent management intellectuals, who have teaching and research experience from the leading b-schools of the world. Their unique research makes sure that the one-year PGP programme provides content that’s contemporary, global and innovative. Moreover, ISB’s association with eminent b-schools of the world like the Wharton School, the Kellogg School of Management and the London Business School makes sure that the curriculum is advanced in terms of both practical relevance and theoretical intensity. At this b-school, you will get the opportunity to expand your professional network across the world through conferences, international exchange programmes, study treks and business plan competitions. All of these will not only enable you to experience various cultures but even push your intellectual boundaries by a rich mix of engagement and ideation with students, industry leaders and academics. The Indian School of Business attracts a number of people from both the emerging and the developed economies, who with their varied experiences, enhance the learning atmosphere. The unparalleled opportunity provided by this school allows an individual to gain insights on various corporate practices of the world. There are several benefits of this one year PGP at ISB. Unless you get admitted there, you won’t realize its benefits. Following are the benefits: This is an intense programme, which will teach you how to analyze situations quickly, apply skills for tackling business situations and think on your own. You will learn to use your industry expertise with the management fundamentals that you have attained over the year. You will undertake a management programme, which equips you for a great career ahead with least career interruption. The programme will help you save on the opportunity costs to a large extent So, wait no more and start preparing for the GMAT exam, ISB essays and ISB interview to get admission at once! Follow Us on Facebook G+ linkedin Twitter Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related By fiathomas ? Posted in Education , ISB ? Tagged ISB essays , ISB interview 0 Post navigation ? How Commercial Cleaning Service will Help You in Your Business? GOSF Attracts 2 Million Visitors This Year ? Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Search Recent Posts Different Types of Hearing Loss Poster Printing Is Essential For Better Marketing Campaign Advantages of Using a Custom Boat Cover Mistakes to Avoid For Designing Corporate Presentation Folder The Role of Food and Beverage Packaging Different Parts of a Hearing Aid and How Are These Devices Made? 3 Most Important Gym Accessories for Women How to Cut Calories from Your Daily Routine? Ringing In the Ear – Causes and Remedies Mistakes to Avoid While Purchasing Hearing-Aids Archives November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 Categories All type of Accessories cleaning Audiologist Automotive Brush Business Career Cleaning Services Construction Services Coupon Code Course Cushion Docket Book Printing Education Finance Fitness Accessories Foam Furniture Gardening Services Gift Gym Accessories Health and Fitness Hearing Aid hearing loss Home Improvement House Cleaning Industrial Cleaning Industrial Design and Drafting Services ISB Misc Miscellaneous Notepad Printing Service onlineshopping Packaging Machine Poster Printing Presentation Folders Private Investigation Security Investigation Shopping Shopping Online Short Course Social Media solid modelling services Stylish Watches Travel Uncategorized Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this: "
  BMS Case_Swati Sharma.pptx - Bookmyshow Case Study 2 SWATI SHARMA ISB PGP Find Study Resources Main Menu by School by Literature Guides by Subject Get instant Tutoring Help Main Menu Ask a Tutor a Question Use Flashcards Main Menu View Flashcards Create Flashcards Earn by Contributing Main Menu Earn Free Access Upload Documents Write Course Advice Refer your Friends Earn Money Upload Documents Apply for Scholarship Create Q&A pairs Become a Tutor Find Study Resources by School by Literature Guides by Subject Get Instant Tutoring Help Ask a Tutor a Question Use Flashcards View Flashcards Create Flashcards Earn by Contributing Earn Free Access Learn More > Upload Documents Write Course Advice Refer your Friends Earn Money Learn More > Upload Documents Apply for Scholarship Create Q&A pairs Become a Tutor Are you an educator? Log in Sign up Home IIT Kanpur MBA MBA 1021 BMS Case_Swati Sharma.pptx BMS Case_Swati Sharma.pptx - Bookmyshow Case Study 2 SWATI... SCHOOL IIT Kanpur COURSE TITLE MBA 1021 TYPE Test Prep UPLOADED BY vahini_1990 PAGES 10 Click to edit the document details This preview shows pages 1–5 . Sign up to view the full content. View Full Document Bookmyshow Case Study 2 SWATI SHARMA ISB – PGP Student +91-9391415756 This preview has intentionally blurred sections. Sign up to view the full version. View Full Document PROBLEM STATEMENT There are three main parts to the problem statement – i. Limited Logins ii. Limited Data iii. Accurate Re-targe±ng Deliverables – Solu±ons for more login More ways to collect data Create user Personas Recomme nda±on Model Re-target/ No±fy Feedback Improve Features to incenTvize users to login through social media: WAYS ±O IMPROVE SOCIAL LOGIN Go Dutch A lot of Tmes, users pay for the Tckets for themselves. One user pays and others return him/her the money. 1. Facebook Login through bookmyshow will allow users to select their friends to pay for their own Tcket. ±he seats are blocked and not booked. 2. Users will receive a link to make the payment. 3. On clicking the link, the user is redirected to bookmyshow app and shows the payment page. 4. User makes the payment and seat is con²rmed. If the user does not make the payment, the seat is freed and goes back to available status This preview has intentionally blurred sections. Sign up to view the full version. View Full Document Find your Proxy At Tmes, customers buy a Tcket and are not able to go due to last day changes. This is the end of the preview. Sign up to access the rest of the document. TERM Spring '15 PROFESSOR Mankad Click to edit the document details Share this link with a friend: Copied! Report this document Report View Full Document Most Popular Documents for MBA 2 pages Candidate Video Testimonial Questions.docx IIT Kanpur MBA 1021 - Spring 2016 Candidate Video Testimonial Questions for Indian School of Business General: 1. What Candidate Video Testimonial Questions.docx 1 pages NASA_slide.pptx IIT Kanpur MBA 1021 - Spring 2016 AMAY DEORAS OBSERVATION FROM CASE High level of bureaucracy affected the complicated NASA_slide.pptx 2 pages PMGT Assignment 2.docx IIT Kanpur MBA 1021 - Spring 2016 PMGT Assignment 2 PGID 6161083, Vahini Rajagopal The distribution of NPV is 79,679 an PMGT Assignment 2.docx 2 pages PMGT Assignment 3_Group PMB3.docx IIT Kanpur MBA 1021 - Spring 2016 ASSIGNMENT SUBMISSION FORM Course Name: PMGT Assignment Title: ASSIGNMENT 3 Submitted PMGT Assignment 3_Group PMB3.docx 173 pages ISB - Co2014 Consulting Case Book.pdf IIT Kanpur MBA 1021 - Spring 2016 Indian School of Business Consulting Case Book - Co2014 1 Table of Contents From the ISB - Co2014 Consulting Case Book.pdf 58 pages Kellogg2.doc IIT Kanpur MBA 1021 - Spring 2016 Sample Cases From Kellogg Table of Contents SUPER REGIONAL BANK_4 CIGAR BAR_5 CABLE T Kellogg2.doc View more Study on the go Download the iOS app Download the Android app Other Related Materials 88 pages Underlying each purchasing decision are the acknowledged or unconscious IIT Kanpur MBA 664 - Spring 2015 The effect of cognitive biases on organizational purchasing decision making: Case stu Cognitive_Biases_in_Organizational_Purchasing.pdf 63 pages social_media_marketing_tutorial.pdf Department Of Management Studies, Iit Delhi MBA 1001 - Spring 2014 Social Media Marketing About the Tutorial Social Media Marketing is the activity of d social_media_marketing_tutorial.pdf 49 pages Similar examples could be found in the case of South Africa However economic IIT Kanpur MBA Fi - Spring 2011 RESEARCH STUDY OF THE ROAD TRANSPORT SECTOR IN INDIA SUBMITTED TO: The Ministry of Co Road_Transport_Sector 81 pages month a further expense will be avoided or delayed to the next month Soman Lam IIT Kanpur MBA 664 - Spring 2015 Psychology, Financial 1 Psychological Science in the Public Interest (in press) Date. Psychology,FinancialDecisionMaking_FinancialCrises_T_Garling.pdf 453 pages Information-Systems-A-Manager039s-Guide-to-Harness-Technology-1445970326.pdf Portland State BA 325 - Spring 2016 Information Systems: A Manager's Guide to Harness Technology Information Systems: A M Information-Systems-A-Manager039s-Guide-to-Harness-Technology-1445970326.pdf 51 pages The growth on Fitbit has been impressive Its revenues totaled 2014 with 7454 Bellevue MBA 680 - Summer 2016 6/2/2016 CollectionMBA680T301StrategyInnovation&Integrat. Collection UserscanCollectp MBA680 Stregy Innovation and Integration discussion board Week 5.pdf Page 1 / 10 BMS Case_Swati Sharma.pptx - Bookmyshow Case Study 2 SWATI... This preview shows document pages 1 - 5. Sign up to view the full document. View Full Document Company About Us Scholarships Sitemap Standardized Tests Get Course Hero iOS Android Educators Careers Our Team Jobs Internship Help Contact Us FAQ Feedback Legal Copyright Policy Honor Code Privacy Policy Terms of Use Connect with Us Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016. Course Hero, Inc. Course Hero is not sponsored or endorsed by any college or university. Ask a homework question - tutors are online "
  The programme fosters global learning through international exposure, Sourabh Nolkha, PGP, ISB The programme fosters global learning through international exposure, Sourabh Nolkha, PGP, ISB Jul 11, 2016, 12:46 IST Sourabh Nolkha was working as a Consultant in Deloitte, USA when he decided to change the career path towards Operations domain in Infrastructure sector in India. For him, the 1 year full time Post Graduate Programme at ISB was the best platform he could get to act as the catalyst for his career change. He chose ISB and did not apply to any other B-School or programme owing to the institute’s diverse classroom, alumni network and the market value of the programme. A Chartered Accountant and a level 3 Chartered Financial Analyst with around 10 years of work experience, Sourabh is also passionate about photography and sports. In this interview with Careers360, Sourabh shares different aspects of the programme and campus at ISB , his career aspirations and message for the aspirants. Excerpts from the interview: Careers360: Tell us about your prior work experience before joining ISB. Sourabh Nolkha: I was working as a Fin-Tech Consultant responsible to provide innovative technology-based solution to business problems with an objective to improve business process by increasing revenue, reducing cost and/or improve return on assets. I am also a Level 3 CFA candidate. Careers360: Why did you decide to pursue the 1 year PGP programme at ISB? Sourabh Nolkha: I decided to pursue management studies to accelerate learning and look for challenging opportunities. After the completion of the programme, I want to change my Industry from Fin-Tech Consulting to Infrastructure and function from Consulting to Operations. I also plan to move from my erstwhile location, USA to India. The Post Graduate Programme at ISB would be the catalyst for changing my career path. Careers360: Did you apply for any other B-School apart from ISB? Sourabh Nolkha: I applied only at Indian School of Business for the following 3 reasons: One, Short duration hence lower opportunity cost. Two, Strong global Alumni Network. Finally, Strong brand recognition in Indian market. Careers360: Describe your application and final selection procedure at ISB. Sourabh Nolkha: The application process was fair and simple. In general, there are total two rounds of application with dates in Mid-October and Mid-January with declaration of final admission offer being rolled out a month later. After the applications are submitted, admission team short-lists the candidates for Personal Interviews at college campus which are conducted by Alumni members. Where personal interview is not possible, interviews are conducted over video call. There is only one round of interview which typically lasts for 20 to 45 minutes. Careers360: The programme at your B-School is one of the most expensive programmes. How have you financed the course? Sourabh Nolkha: Post Graduate Program is ISB’s flagship program and highly regarded in the market. ISB has tie up with all the major banks in India to finance the education. I have partly funded my course through savings and balance through bank loan. Careers360: What is a typical day in your life at the campus? Sourabh Nolkha: One word – busy. There are 4-hour classes from Monday-Thursday, requiring 4 hour pre-reads and followed by 4-hour individual / group assignment. This takes up most of the weekdays. I spend couple of hours in the evening playing Tennis or in other recreation activities. Careers360: Was it difficult for you to adjust to the student life after a gap of many years? How did you cope with it? Sourabh Nolkha: Not exactly a big gap for me since I was working on my CFA for last few years. Nevertheless, it truly has been a long time to study in an institutionalized environment with scheduled classes and homework aka assignments. Thanks to excellent faculties, facilities and friends; this transition has been smooth. Careers360: What are the non-academic activities you are involved in? Sourabh Nolkha: I am actively involved in Infrastructure Club (SREI) with allied interest in Consulting, Finance and Entrepreneurship and Venture Capital Club (EVC). It includes connecting with fellow club members, organizing learning sessions, and ISB enabled relations building with Alumni and Industry leaders. I also share my passion in Photography with other photography enthusiasts, while maintaining my fitness through Tennis, Swimming and Gym. Careers360: How much industrial and international exposure does your programme provide you? Sourabh Nolkha: ISB provides multitude of opportunities to build industry relations through its strong alumni network and its flagship events ISB Leadership Summit (ILS) and Equinox (Mohali Campus - Alumni Relations). In addition to this, there are industry-funded Experiential Learning Projects (ELP) providing first-hand learning while working on real-world business problems and interacting with industry leaders. International exposure is facilitated through study-treks organized in conjunction with respective professional clubs. Careers360: What are the differences in teaching method applied by guest lectures delivered by academicians and industry practitioners? Please share the best elements from both. Sourabh Nolkha: ISB fosters learning by inviting renowned guest professors from all over the globe and from other Ivy League colleges. It brings a fresh perspective to global learning within India. Lectures are mostly based on real-world business case studies and research projects done by the professors. Interaction with industry practioners and alumni members is officially facilitated through numerous campus visits to Mohali and through video conference calls. Such interactions bring in the industry perspective to the students. It helps in understanding the skills needed to perform in the industry, how the resume should look like and ways to develop those skills. Careers360: How much is the rigor at the PGP programme in comparison to the 2 year regular MBA? Sourabh Nolkha: One-year programme is certainly more rigorous than the 2-year regular MBA programme – packed classes, more assignments, short gap between exams, shorter breaks during terms, lack of internship opportunities, etc. This certainly has some impact on learning and development. On the other hand, one-year programme has its own charm – experienced batch mates, maturity, existing industry connect, less expensive (tuition and living expenses), shorter career break, less opportunity cost, higher ROI and shorter payback period. Most importantly, it teaches time management and prioritizing, which are one of the important ingredients to become a successful manager. As they say, crisis is a true test of friendship. To be successful in a short duration of one year, you need to trust one another and that helps in building relations that last forever. Careers360: According to you, what is the best aspect of your programme and campus? Sourabh Nolkha: Amongst many other things mentioned earlier, following are some of the best aspects of the PGP programme at ISB –Closely knit community with all fellow students having a minimum of 21-months work experience – average being 5+ years, excellent alumni network, short duration of the program, world-class curriculum and faculty, and one of the best placement programs amongst top B-schools in India . With regards to ISB Mohali campus, it is a state-of-art facility located near one of the best cities in India – Chandigarh. Campus is self-sufficient and provides all necessary facilities – Classrooms, study rooms, housing – studio and bachelor, library, recreation facilities – swimming pool, tennis, squash, basketball, football, table-tennis, etc., food-court, 24-hour café, bank-ATM, medical clinic, stationary, grocery, etc. It also has various institutes housed within the campus – Munjal Institute for Manufacturing and Operations, Punj-Lyod Institute for Infrastructure, Bharati Institute of Pulic Policy and Max Institute of Health Care. Careers360: Does your programme offer placement? Are you willing to participate in the placement process or plan to join your previous organization? Sourabh Nolkha: ISB provides placement and had close to 300 companies taking part in the last placement season with 1100 job offers for different roles and experience level. Yes, since I am looking for domain and function change, I do plan to take part in the placement process. In fact, I am counting on the placement to provide the platform and facilitate the change. Careers360: What are your expectations from the programme? How would you like to implicate the learning after completing the programme? Sourabh Nolkha: My main expectation from this program is that it will provide me a solid platform to make the domain (Fin-Tech to Infrastructure) and function change (Finance and Consulting to Operations). This change will be enabled by excellent academics, access to wide-alumni network and excellent placement program. Careers360: What is your advice to the aspirants of ISB? Sourabh Nolkha: If you are looking for an MBA programme that provides with sufficient ammunition to boost your career or make an appropriate change with minimum disruption, PGP at ISB is for you. Save Save Prev Next More news India has the second best 4*400m relay timing in the world going into Rio Olympics 2016 56% &nbsp users also read BARC is hiring! Apply for Receptionist posts before July 29 49% &nbsp users also read Govt of AP gives the nod to 5 Universities to set up Campuses in the state – Includes Amity, SRM, And VIT 71% &nbsp users also read Loading ··· Error, click to try again No more More Hot news NHAI Recruitment 2016 (02 Vacancy Opening) 59 mins ago 343 BEL Bangalore Recruitment 2016-90 Contract Engineer Posts 59 mins ago 835 11 ways to stop periods from disrupting girls' education 1 hours ago 498 Loading ··· Error, click to try again No more More Sections Headline Entertainment Cricket Sports Offbeat Tech Relationship Edu & Job LifeStyle India World Health Movie TV Auto Fashion Travel Food Economics Spirituality Astrology If you find something wrong or have any feedback, please tell us! Feedback Welcome! Please choose your preferred language: English ????? OK Loading ··· Network Error Refresh "
82, Isb pgp 2016 essays - Post graduate programme in management - indian Term papers reality therapy Help me write a poem that rhymes Write ap euro dbq essay Citing google earth research paper Thesis graduate World language honor society essay Argumentative essay versus persuasive essay Essay agreeing with Essay about child marriage Adolescent in smokeless thesis tobacco Turn it in essays English essay wonders of science Psychology lab report help Compare and contrast essay magazines Doctoral dissertation average length Essays memoirs geisha Term paper sourcing Narrative essay vs expository essay Essay about greek drama English anthology essays Does synthesise do objective c Essay hilton hotels Malcolm x essay Research paper on alzheimers Prozac essay Essay on perserverance Saving a drowning victim essay Cite work in essay Reflect essay Dvm thesis bovine fasciolosis Relation between thesis antithesis and synthesis Service essays Marketing packaging equipment white paper research Websites to write essays for you Buy cheap custom papers Causes of the english civil war essay Law school essay review service College essay 1000 words Thesis on napoleon Essay on trust and care Phd thesis on internal marketing Citing google earth research paper Can failure lead to success essay Laugier essay on architecture Anne collected essay katherine occasional porter writings Buy cheap custom papers Film essays and criticism arnheim Immigration thesis conclusion Essays balanced paragraphs 2016 economic crisis essay Essay college example Pestle analysis essay Group reflective essay Essay logic and perception Harvard dissertation gsas Page paper reference research Cosmetic dentistry essay Gretel ehrlich essays Essay college example Thesis on napoleon Publication #2: Home / robyn / Post graduate programme in management - indian 09 September 2016 Isb pgp 2016 essays: Post graduate programme in management - indian Author xxe_7 Category robyn Post graduate programme in management - indian Content [ Hide ] 1. Post graduate programme in management - indian 2. Isb pgp admission essay tips essay analysis 3. Isb 2016-2017 essays class of 2015 2016 isb mba Post graduate programme in management - indian Isb pgp admission essay tips essay analysis. Isb pgp - new isb mba application essays 2015-2016. Essays on school starting later. Using numbers in college essays. Wh auden essay. Methode pour une dissertation. Critical thinking teaching philosophy. Essay on extinct species. Ii corinthians 6 essay. Unsw thesis originality statement. Isb pgp admission essay tips essay analysis Post graduate programme in management - indian. My ideal leader essay. Isb pgp admission essay tips essay analysis. Environmental issues research paper. Isb 2016-2017 essays class of 2015 2016 isb mba. Lehigh university dissertation boot camp. Isb essays isb 2016-17 deadlines isb application. Smok handbook of pulp and paper terminology. Indian school of business - official site. Essay on plastic bottles. Pgp - indian school of business isb admissions. Le groupe forget audioprothesistes. Indian school of business - official site. Can failure lead to success essay. Isb essay editing help and consulting from top isb. Technology and poverty essay. Indian school of business pgp essay topic analysis. Essay about child marriage. Rural vs urban living essay Sat essay questions A personal narrative essay Desperado essay interviews Essay on time discount code Anne collected essay katherine occasional porter writings Essay hilton hotels Essays on forgiveness Tofel essay Essays balanced paragraphs My journey essay Genetic engineering advantages and disadvantages essay Observation essay outline Essay agreeing with Endnotes research paper Dysgraphia research papers The thesis centre contact Thesis abstracts online Essay frankenstein book vs movie Writing thesis with latex Essay queen damned Amy tans mother tongue thesis My favorite toy essay To kill a mockingbird boo radley essays Dissertation holy spirit Setting out references essay Marathi essay Law school essay review service What to write in pa application essay Recent media ethics case studies Best thesis settings Essay agreeing with Can failure lead to success essay Creative writing instructor employment Coastal management essay Essay on a man analysis Essay on good education system College essay 1000 words Outline essay Buy personal statement Merton modern puritanism rise science thesis Isb 2016-2017 essays class of 2015 2016 isb mba Isb pgp 2016 essays | Rating: 8 / 10 ( 28 ) Post graduate programme in management - indian. Isb pgp admission essay tips essay analysis. Isb 2016-2017 essays class of 2015 2016 isb mba. September 11 essay conclusion Conclusion in tourism essay free essays - studymode. Writing the body paragraphs for your essay. The new act essay faqs - magoosh high school blog. VARIA O-Z Argumentative essay examples - yourdictionary. The patriot essays Write my paper here best college paper writing. Creative writing degrees abroad - goabroad com science research paper mla or apa episiotomy research papers college persuasive essay topics thesis international relations the importance of critical thinking for students heretical essays in the philosophy of history cell phone allowed in school essay essay on the role of a nurse essay expectations commercial law uk essay Research paper analysis of cache replacement Lehigh university dissertation boot camp College experience essay Best way cut down words essay Asking dissertation committee members Canada essay in minority protected right Essay on m s dhoni Help me write a poem that rhymes World language honor society essay Essay on police public relationship Cheap custom term paper Example of a good descriptive essay Using numbers in college essays Narrative essay on losing a parent Thesis on type 2 diabetes mellitus Homework help with science ©2016 Brave Writer | Narrative essay on losing a parent 
83,NA
  ISB sees 28% increase in applicants | BLoC NewsWrap BLearn B-School Corner CamBuzz People@Work Entrepreneurship Case studies Hangout@BLoC Columns B-School Corner G Naga Sridhar ISB sees 28% increase in applicants May 31, 2016 18:46 Institution to also accept GRE scores The Indian School of Business (ISB) has recorded a 28 per cent increase in number of applicants for its flagship one-year Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) this year compared to the previous year. “ISB continues to attract the best of experienced professionals from across the world wanting to join the flagship programme to improve their growth prospects,’’ Dishan Kamdar, Deputy Dean, Programmes at ISB claimed in a release issued here today to announce the closure of the admissions for the Class of 2017. The school has admitted record number of students to the PGP Class of 2017 across its two campuses in Hyderabad and Mohali, making it the largest class at any management school in India that offers a one-year programme. ISB’s PGP has seen the fastest growth over the years from a class size of just 128 students in 2002 to 905 now. ISB has also decided to start accepting GRE scores as a part of its admissions criteria. This will be applicable for those who wish to join the Class of 2018 (academic year 2017-18). GRE scores are now accepted by 23 of the top 30 global B-Schools as per FT Global MBA rankings 2016 . The institution also said it plans to expand its international connect to attract potential students from Africa and the ASEAN region as it sees these countries as an untapped talent pool. Please Wait while comments are loading... 1. Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4. We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. XLRI to host annual finance symposium IIM-B to host annual business conclave on October 23 Read more from BLOC Can Micromax max it again in the Indian market? ‘IIM-A can learn a lot from mentoring IIM Nagpur’ Apps as useful productivity tools NewsWrap Cess on demerit good a departure from GST concept: Experts The government plans to roll out GST from April 1, 2017 PTI Amazon offered smartphones at lower prices than Flipkart Out of 17 exact models available for purchase on both e-tailers, 9 models were priced lowest in Amaz... BL Bureau Endorse Trump, Hillary on Facebook now To activate this feature, go to any candidate’s Facebook page and click ‘Endorsements’ IANS Ola! This taxi service aims to be king of the Indian roads With mobility as its mantra, and a savvy sense of the market, Ola is charting new paths Rashmi Pratap ... Crossword BLoC Crossword 12 Try your hand at this fun, interactive current affairs and industry-related crossword Gamely BLoC Crossword 11 Try your hand at this fun, interactive current affairs and industry-related crossword Gamely BLoC Crossword 10 Try your hand at this fun, interactive current affairs and industry-related crossword Gamely ... Time Out Time Out Click to view full image, including caption Time Out Click to view full image, including caption Time Out Click to view full image, including caption Time Out Click to view full image, including caption Time Out Click to view full image, including caption Time Out Click to view full image, including caption Time Out Click to view full image, including caption Time Out Click to view full image, including caption Twitter Tweets by @BLOnCampus Most Popular from BusinessLine Coal India director N Kumar passes away Ceat develops puncture-safe tyres for bikes; files patent Centre proposes four-tier structure under GST with two standard rates Bank of Baroda gets semi-naming rights for Sikanderpur metro station Ola! This taxi service aims to be king of the Indian roads Shopping festivals: Amazon offered smartphones at lower prices than Flipkart Under pressure from banks, India Inc resorts to fire sale ‘Bajaj Auto will be firing on all four cylinders this quarter’ PTC India Fin uses Sarfaesi law to recover dues from 2 projects MakeMyTrip, ibibo to merge, creating one-stop travel shop BLOnCampus NewsWrap B-School Corner CamBuzz People@Work Entrepreneurship Case studies Hangout@BLoC One Minute Guide Columns About us Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Contact us FAQs Group Sites The Hindu The Hindu Tamil Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre The Hindu Hub RoofandFloor Facebook Twitter Linked In © 2016 THE HINDU Business Line | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy "
  ISB increases fees for one-year PGP programme FB TW GP Home Study Abroad Colleges & Institutes MBA MBA Colleges Delhi MBA Colleges Pune MBA Colleges Bangalore Distance courses Scholarships Results Mock Counselling Search Courses Loading… Choose Course Select Location Loading… Home MBA ISB increases fees for one-year PGP programme ISB increases fees for one-year PGP programme Details Category: MBA Published: 04 August 2015 Hits: 166 Print Email Tweet Indian School of Business (ISB) has increased its fee for the one-year Post Graduate Programme in Management, informed a leading business daily. With the hike in fees, the one-year course has become the most expensive programme in India. PGP fee for the batch 2014-15 was Rs 24 Lakh but now it has been increased to more than Rs 25 Lakh. Students need to shell out Rs 25,43,700 if they want a shared accommodation on the campus. For married students who want to have studio accommodation, the fees has been kept at Rs 26,74,800. ISB currently offers the PGP programme jointly in two campuses at Hyderabad and Mohali. Admission is done on the basis of valid GMAT scores . It had admitted 813 students in its PGP programme for the session 2015-16. A total of 560 students were offered admission in its Hyderabad campus while 253 students were admitted in its Mohali campus. When we compare the fees for ISB’s one-year programme with other institutes, we can find IIM Ahmedabad offers the same programme at Rs 24 lakh. IIM Bangalore's charges Rs 22,77,500 from students with shared accommodation and Rs 23,82,000 from students with family accommodation. It has also been reported that IIM Ahmedabad has hiked its fees by 11.44% for the two year PGP programme for the batch 2015-17. The hike has been done in PGPM programme and PG Food and Agribusiness management. The current PGP fee stands at Rs 18.5 Lakh up from Rs 16.6 lakh. Post Graduate Programme-Agribusiness Management (PGP-ABM) fees has been increased from Rs 16.6 lakh to Rs 18.5 lakh. PGPX programme fee has also been raised to Rs 24 lakh from the previous Rs 21.5 lakh for the batch 2015-16 which started on April 9, 2015. Ask our Counsellors Notify me of follow-up comments Refresh SUBMIT Cancel --Stream-- Acting/Drama Advertising Animation Arts Aviation Ayurveda B.Ed BAMS BBA BCA Clinical Research Commerce D.Ed Dance Dental Distance MBA Engineering Event Management Fashion Design Film Making Game Design Hardware Course Hotel Management Industrial Design Interior Design Jewellery Design Journalism Law LLM M.A M.Com M.Ed M.Pharm M.Phil M.Sc M.Tech MBA MCA MD MDS Medical Merchandising MS Music Networking Nursing Others PG Hotel Management PGDM Pharmacy Polytechnic Science Software Course Sports Webdesign --Subject-- Please, Give correct answer Latest Articles UPSC Civil Services Mains 2016: Exam Date, Schedule CMAT 2017 Notification: Eligibility, Exam Pattern, Exam Date JEE Main 2017 Notification: Important Dates, Eligibility CAT Exam Notification 2016 | 2017 SSC Junior Engineering (JE) Exam 2016-2017 Notification How to Become A Company Secretary | Company Secretary Course Career After BCA | Job Opportunities After BCA Career Counselling In Jaipur How to become A Chartered Accountant (CA) | CA Course Correspondence Courses | Regular Vs Correspondence Courses I'm Interested In Review Your College Featured Links Colleges Mock Counseling Study Abroad IIM India NIT India Career with us Contact Us Review Your College Add Your College Advertise with us Courses Top MBA Colleges Mumbai Top MBA Colleges Kolkata Top MBA Colleges Hyderabad Top Engineering Colleges Delhi Top Engineering Colleges Bangalore Top Engineering Colleges Pune Top Engineering Colleges Hyderabad Top Fashion Design Colleges Delhi Top Fashion Design Colleges Mumbai Top Animation Institutes Delhi Top in India Top 50 MBA Colleges in India Top 100 MBA Colleges in India Top 10 Journalism Colleges in India Top MCA Colleges in India Top Engineering Colleges in India Top 100 Engineering Colleges in India Top 100 Govt. Engineering Colleges in India Top 50 Engineering Colleges in India Top Private Engineering Colleges in India Top 10 Commerce Colleges in India Top 10 Science Colleges in India Quick Contact Contact Us Newsletter Subscription Related to Career After 12th Career after UG Competition Exams Study Abroad Distance Education Copyright © 2016 Way2college. All Rights Reserved. "
 Online Registration Starts for PGP Programme at ISB Hyderabad - Collegedunia Useful Links News top links top universities top colleges top exams latest news top courses filter your search all colleges exam news trending Searches ""IIT"" in Colleges ""CAT"" in Exams ""Cat Cutoff"" in News ""MBA Colleges"" in Delhi/NCR ""MSC Colleges"" in Delhi/NCR top universities top courses colleges exams REVIEWS news ADMISSION 2016 write a review login download we're on mobile too get collegedunia app for 10x faster experience get app link on your mobile +91 Get App Link *soon available for iphone Toggle navigation home Govt Exams ^ Government Exams in India Banking IBPS-PO SBI-SO SBI-PO IBPS-RRB IBPS-Clerk See more(1) SSC SSC-MTS SSC-Stenographer SSC-CHSL SSC-JE UPSC UPSC-CAPF IAS-Exam IES PSU Recruitment DMRC BEL-Recruitment IOCL-Recruitment Latest News: Check CTET 2016 Answer Key for Sept 18 Exam.. Read Now IPPB Recruitment 2016-17 for the Post of Chief Tec.. Read Now IBPS PO Prelims :Exam Analysis for October 16 Exam.. Read Now Study Abroad ^ Study Abroad Exams For law Courses Admission LSAT For Postgraduate Management Courses GMAT For MS programs GRE English Proficiency Test IELTS English Proficiency Test TOEFL Latest News: GMAT 2015 Registration Process.. Read Now GMAT Cutoff for Top B Schools in India.. Read Now GMAT 2015 Exam Center.. Read Now Commerce ^ COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.COM EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS NPAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS IPU CET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Delhi NCR M.COM EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS CAT M.PHIL/PH.D IN COMMERCE Admission Karnatak University Dharwad (KUD) Ph.D. Admissions... Dharwad , Karnataka Reg. Result Date:Mar 11, 2016 Read More.. Christ University M.Phil. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jan 04, 2016 Read More.. Christ University Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Aug 18, 2016 Read More.. Karnataka State Women’s University (KSWU) Ph.D. ... Bijapur , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Nov 09, 2015 Read More.. B.COM Admission Calicut University UG Admissions 2016 Calicut , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. Kalasalingam University UG, PG and Ph.D. Admission... Krishnankovil , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 03, 2016 Read More.. Karpagam University UG Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 10, 2016 Read More.. SRM University Haryana UG & PG Admission 2016 Sonepat , Haryana Reg. Result Date:May 10, 2016 Read More.. M.COM Admission Bharathiar University PG Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. Karpagam University PG Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 10, 2016 Read More.. Karnataka State Women's University (KSWU) UG & PG ... Bijapur , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jul 16, 2016 Read More.. Tamil Nadu Open University (TNOU) PG Admission 201... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Oct 31, 2016 Read More.. B.COM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL COMPUTER APPLICATION STUDIES ACCOUNTING FINANCE BANKING OFFICE MANAGEMENT STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Maharashtra Uttar Pradesh West Bengal CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Chennai Mumbai Kolkata Coimbatore Pune M.COM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES BUSINESS MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS ENTREPRENEURSHIP STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Kerala Maharashtra Karnataka Uttar Pradesh Madhya Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Bangalore Pune Mumbai Coimbatore Kottayam POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA St Joseph's Commerce college Bangalore, Karnataka (INDIA) Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics Mumbai, Maharashtra (INDIA) Symbiosis College of Arts and Commerce Pune, Maharashtra (INDIA) HR College of Commerce and Economics Mumbai, Maharashtra (INDIA) Engineering ^ COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BE/B.TECH EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS JEE Main ATIT BITSAT JEE-Advanced NPAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS BCECE MH CET TNEA JKCET COMEDK-UGET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Bihar Maharashtra Tamil Nadu Jammu and Kashmir Karnataka Kerala Goa West Bengal Rajasthan Himachal Pradesh Delhi NCR Andhra Pradesh ME/M.TECH EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS JEE Main IIITH PGEE GAT PGT GATE CUCET STATE LEVEL EXAMS TANCET OJEE HPCET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Tamil Nadu Orissa Himachal Pradesh M.PHIL/PH.D IN ENGINEERING Admission Hindustan University M.Phil. and Ph.D. Admission 2... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:May 16, 2016 Read More.. Christ University M.Phil. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jan 04, 2016 Read More.. Christ University Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Aug 18, 2016 Read More.. Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) PG Admissions... Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Aug 17, 2016 Read More.. BE/B.TECH Admission VIT University B.Tech Admission 2016 Vellore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Apr 29, 2016 Read More.. CUSAT Admissions 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. Hindustan University B.Tech. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Apr 09, 2016 Read More.. Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) UG Admissions... Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jun 25, 2016 Read More.. ME/M.TECH Admission CUSAT M.Tech. Admission 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. Kerala University of Fisheries (KUFOS) PG Admissio... Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Mar 08, 2016 Read More.. VIT University M.Tech, MBA, M.Sc and MCA Admission... Vellore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 13, 2016 Read More.. IIST M.Tech Admissions 2016 Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala Reg. Result Date:May 18, 2016 Read More.. BE/B.TECH COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES COMPUTER SCIENCE ELECTRONICS & COMMUNICATION MECHANICAL ENGINEERING CIVIL ENGINEERING ELECTRICAL & ELECTRONICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Maharashtra Uttar Pradesh Telangana Andhra Pradesh Karnataka CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Hyderabad Bangalore Pune Bhopal Coimbatore ME/M.TECH COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES DESIGN ENGINEERING INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING SOFTWARE ENGINEERING NANOTECHNOLOGY CONTROL ENGINEERING NETWORK ENGINEERING STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Maharashtra Telangana Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Uttar Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Hyderabad Chennai Bangalore Pune Bhopal Coimbatore POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA Indian Institute of Technology - [IIT] Kharagpur, West Bengal (INDIA) Indian Institute of Technology - [IIT] New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) Indian Institute of Technology Madras - [IITM] , (INDIA) Indian Institute of Technology - [IIT] Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh (INDIA) Medical ^ COLLEGES EXAMS Admission MBBS EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS AIIMS-MBBS CMC-VELLORE NEET AIPMT STATE LEVEL EXAMS MPDMAT BCECE IPU CET JKCET COMEDK-UGET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Madhya Pradesh Bihar Delhi NCR Jammu and Kashmir Karnataka Kerala Goa Puducherry West Bengal Maharashtra MS EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS IIITH PGEE AIPGMEE AIIMS PG DNB CET MD Admission Meenakshi University (MAHER) MD, MS and MDS Admiss... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Jan 22, 2016 Read More.. KUHS PG Medical Admission 2016 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Dec 14, 2015 Read More.. SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University MD and MS Admissions 20... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Nov 25, 2016 Read More.. MS Admission Meenakshi University (MAHER) MD, MS and MDS Admiss... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Jan 22, 2016 Read More.. KUHS PG Medical Admission 2016 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Dec 14, 2015 Read More.. SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University MD and MS Admissions 20... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Nov 25, 2016 Read More.. MBBS Admission Meenakshi University (MAHER) MBBS Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Apr 30, 2016 Read More.. KUHS MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2017 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 03, 2017 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University MBBS and BDS Admissions... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 24, 2016 Read More.. SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. MBBS COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL STATE WISE COLLEGES Karnataka Tamil Nadu Maharashtra Kerala Gujarat Uttar Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Bangalore Pune Mumbai Pondicherry Kolkata MS COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES SURGERY ORTHOPAEDICS E.N.T OPHTHALMOLOGY OBSTETRICS MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY STATE WISE COLLEGES Karnataka Maharashtra Tamil Nadu Kerala Gujarat Uttar Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Chennai Pune Mumbai Mangalore Pondicherry POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA All India Institute of Medical Sciences - [AIIMS] , (INDIA) Christian Medical College - [CMC] Vellore, Tamil Nadu (INDIA) Armed Forces Medical College - [AFMC] Pune, Maharashtra (INDIA) Kasturba Medical College - [KMC] , (INDIA) Management ^ COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BBA/BBM EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS JAT BUMAT NPAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS IPU CET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Delhi NCR MBA/PGDM EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS ATMA CMAT CAT MAT XAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS MH CET MAHCET IPU CET IRMA MH CET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Maharashtra Delhi NCR Karnataka Tamil Nadu Kerala Himachal Pradesh Orissa Uttar Pradesh Andhra Pradesh MBA/PGDM Admission CUSAT MBA Admission 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. Indian Maritime University B.Sc., B.Tech. and MBA ... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Kerala University of Fisheries (KUFOS) PG Admissio... Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Mar 08, 2016 Read More.. VIT University M.Tech, MBA, M.Sc and MCA Admission... Vellore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 13, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN MANAGEMENT Admission Christ University M.Phil. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jan 04, 2016 Read More.. Calicut University M.Phil and Ph.D. Admissions 201... Calicut , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Dec 30, 2016 Read More.. Christ University Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Aug 18, 2016 Read More.. Karnataka State Women’s University (KSWU) Ph.D. ... Bijapur , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Nov 09, 2015 Read More.. BBA/BBM Admission The Gandhigram Rural University (GRI) UG Admission... Dindigul , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:May 07, 2016 Read More.. Karpagam University UG Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 10, 2016 Read More.. Tamil Nadu Open University (TNOU) BBA & MBA Admiss... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Oct 31, 2016 Read More.. SPSU B.Tech, M.Tech & MBA Admission 2016 Udaipur , Rajasthan Reg. Start Date:Apr 01, 2016 Read More.. BBA/BBM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL TOURISM MANAGEMENT BANKING BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORPORATE LAW DESIGN MANAGEMENT STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Karnataka Maharashtra Uttar Pradesh Kerala Haryana CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Chennai Mumbai Pune Kolkata Jaipur MBA/PGDM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES FINANCE HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT MARKETING OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Karnataka Telangana Andhra Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Pune Chennai Hyderabad Coimbatore Mumbai POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA Indian Institute of Management - [IIMA] Ahmedabad, Gujarat (INDIA) Indian Institute of Management - [IIMB] Bangalore, Karnataka (INDIA) Indian Institute of Management - [IIMC] Kolkata, West Bengal (INDIA) Indian School of Business - [ISB] Hyderabad, Telangana (INDIA) More ^ SCIENCE AGRICULTURE ARCHITECTURE ARTS AVIATION COMPUTER APPLICATIONS DENTAL DESIGN EDUCATION HOTEL MANAGEMENT LAW MASS COMMUNICATIONS PARAMEDICAL PHARMACY VETERINARY SCIENCES VOCATIONAL COURSES COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.SC EXAMINATION See all exams NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS JEE Main IISER NPAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS TSEAMCET GCET MHT CET KEAM KCET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Goa Kerala Karnataka Punjab M.SC EXAMINATION See all exams NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS JEE Main MGU CAT BITSAT GATE IIT-JAM STATE LEVEL EXAMS TISSNET CUSAT CAT Engineering EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Kerala B.SC Admission Chennai Mathematical Institute (CMI) B.Sc., M.Sc. ... Siruseri , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:May 26, 2016 Read More.. Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) UG Admissions... Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jun 25, 2016 Read More.. Indian Maritime University B.Sc., B.Tech. and MBA ... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Calicut University UG Admissions 2016 Calicut , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. M.SC Admission Chennai Mathematical Institute (CMI) B.Sc., M.Sc. ... Siruseri , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:May 26, 2016 Read More.. Central University of Tamil Nadu M.Tech & M.Sc Adm... Thiruvarur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. CUSAT Admissions 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. Central University of Kerala UG and PG Admissions ... Kasaragod , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN SCIENCE Admission Chennai Mathematical Institute (CMI) B.Sc., M.Sc. ... Siruseri , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:May 26, 2016 Read More.. Central University of Tamil Nadu M.Tech & M.Sc Adm... Thiruvarur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. CUSAT M.Tech. Admission 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. Central University of Kerala Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Kasaragod , Kerala Reg. Start Date:May 17, 2016 Read More.. B.SC COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES CHEMICAL SCIENCE MATHEMATICS PHYSICS COMPUTER SCIENCE GENERAL ZOOLOGY STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Kerala Maharashtra Uttar Pradesh West Bengal Karnataka CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Kolkata Mumbai Bangalore Coimbatore Pune M.SC COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GEOGRAPHICAL SCIENCES BIOMEDICAL SCIENCES YOGA ANALYTICAL CHEMISTRY ANTHROPOLOGY FORENSIC SCIENCE STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Kerala Maharashtra Karnataka Uttar Pradesh Punjab CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Bangalore Coimbatore Mumbai Pune Hyderabad POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA St. Xavier's College , (INDIA) Madras Christian College - [MCC] Chennai, Tamil Nadu (INDIA) The Oxford College of Science - [TOCS] Bangalore, Karnataka (INDIA) Fergusson College Pune, Maharashtra (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.SC (AGRICULTURE) EXAMINATION STATE LEVEL EXAMS JCECE AP EAMCET KEAM KCET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Kerala Karnataka B.SC (AGRICULTURE) Admission Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) UG Admissions... Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jun 25, 2016 Read More.. Tamil Nadu Agriculture University (TNAU) B.Tech. a... Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 15, 2016 Read More.. UAHS Shivamogga B.Sc Agriculture Admission 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Result Date:May 28, 2016 Read More.. UAS Bangalore B.Sc and B.Tech Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Result Date:Jul 12, 2016 Read More.. M.SC (AGRICULTURE) Admission Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) PG Admissions... Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Aug 17, 2016 Read More.. KVASU M.Sc. Admissions 2016 Wayanad , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jul 18, 2016 Read More.. Annamalai University M.Sc. & MBA in Agriculture Ad... Cuddalore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jun 08, 2016 Read More.. Alagappa University Distance Education UG & PG Adm... Karaikudi , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Dec 31, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN AGRICULTURE Admission Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) PG Admissions... Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Aug 17, 2016 Read More.. TANUVAS PG Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Aug 12, 2016 Read More.. Tamil Nadu Agriculture University Ph.D. Admission ... Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Aug 11, 2016 Read More.. KVASU M.V.Sc. and Ph.D. Admission 2016 Wayanad , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Aug 20, 2016 Read More.. B.SC (AGRICULTURE) COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL AGRICULTURAL BIOTECHNOLOGY PLANT PHYSIOLOGY AGRI MANAGEMENT AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS RURAL STUDIES STATE WISE COLLEGES Uttar Pradesh Punjab Maharashtra Tamil Nadu Rajasthan Uttarakhand CITY WISE COLLEGES Dehradun Jaipur Fatehgarh Sahib Coimbatore Pune Amritsar M.SC (AGRICULTURE) COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES HORTICULTURE FORESTRY PLANT PATHOLOGY AGRONOMY AGRICULTURAL GENETICS AGRICULTURAL TECHNOLOGY STATE WISE COLLEGES Uttar Pradesh Tamil Nadu Maharashtra Rajasthan Kerala Madhya Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Dehradun Thrissur Coimbatore Pune Mumbai Bhubaneswar POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA Indian Agricultural Research Institute - [IARI] New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) Tamil Nadu Agricultural University - [TNAU] Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu (INDIA) Central Institute of Agricultural Engineering Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh (INDIA) Anbil Dharmalingam Agricultural College and Research Institute - [ADAC&RI] Thiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.ARCH EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS JEE Main NATA STATE LEVEL EXAMS GCET KEAM KCET WBJEE EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Goa Kerala Karnataka West Bengal M.ARCH EXAMINATION STATE LEVEL EXAMS TANCET OJEE EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Tamil Nadu Orissa B.ARCH Admission Kalasalingam University UG, PG and Ph.D. Admission... Krishnankovil , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 03, 2016 Read More.. Kerala University B.Tech. & B. Arch. Admission 201... Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 21, 2016 Read More.. B S Abdur Rahman University (BSAU) B.Tech. and B.... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Apr 24, 2016 Read More.. Karpagam University UG Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 10, 2016 Read More.. M.ARCH Admission Kalasalingam University UG, PG and Ph.D. Admission... Krishnankovil , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 03, 2016 Read More.. SRM University M.Tech/M.Arch and Ph.D. Admission 2... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Bangalore University ME and M.Arch. Admissions 201... Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jul 06, 2016 Read More.. Sathyabama University PG Admissions 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jan 24, 2016 Read More.. B.PLANNING Admission UPES UG & PG Admission 2016 Dehradun , Uttarakhand Reg. End Date:Jun 22, 2016 Read More.. B.ARCH COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL INTERIOR DESIGN ARCHITECTURAL PLANNING STATE WISE COLLEGES Maharashtra Tamil Nadu Uttar Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Haryana CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Mumbai Chennai Pune Jaipur Lucknow M.ARCH COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES LANDSCAPE ARCHITECTURE URBAN PLANNING CONSTRUCTION PLANNING ENVIRONMENTAL ARCHITECTURE URBAN DESIGN ARCHITECTURAL CONSERVATION STATE WISE COLLEGES Maharashtra Tamil Nadu Haryana Karnataka Uttar Pradesh Kerala CITY WISE COLLEGES Mumbai Pune Chennai Bangalore Gurgaon Noida POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA School of Planning and Architecture - [SPA] New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) Sir JJ College of Architecture - [SJJCA] Mumbai, Maharashtra (INDIA) Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology University - [CEPT] Ahmedabad, Gujarat (INDIA) Chandigarh College of Architecture - [CCA] Chandigarh, Chandigarh (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BA EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS JAT MA EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS MGU CAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS TISSNET CUSAT CAT Engineering EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Kerala M.PHIL/PH.D IN ARTS Admission Central University of Tamil Nadu M.Tech & M.Sc Adm... Thiruvarur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. Central University of Kerala Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Kasaragod , Kerala Reg. Start Date:May 17, 2016 Read More.. Karnatak University Dharwad (KUD) Ph.D. Admissions... Dharwad , Karnataka Reg. Result Date:Mar 11, 2016 Read More.. Christ University M.Phil. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jan 04, 2016 Read More.. MA Admission Central University of Tamil Nadu M.Tech & M.Sc Adm... Thiruvarur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. CUSAT Admissions 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. Central University of Kerala UG and PG Admissions ... Kasaragod , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. Karunya University M.Tech/MBA/M.Sc & MA Admission ... Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Dec 01, 2015 Read More.. BA Admission Central University of Kerala UG and PG Admissions ... Kasaragod , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. Calicut University UG Admissions 2016 Calicut , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. Kalasalingam University UG, PG and Ph.D. Admission... Krishnankovil , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 03, 2016 Read More.. B S Abdur Rahman University (BSAU) BA and MA Admis... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Read More.. BA COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES ENGLISH GENERAL ECONOMICS HISTORY POLITICAL SCIENCE HINDI STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Uttar Pradesh Kerala Maharashtra Karnataka West Bengal CITY WISE COLLEGES Kolkata Chennai Bangalore Mumbai Pune Coimbatore MA COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES SOCIAL WORK BENGALI MARATHI RELIGIOUS STUDIES TELUGU ANTHROPOLOGY STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Kerala Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Karnataka Punjab CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Bangalore Mumbai Coimbatore Pune Kolkata POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA Lady Shri Ram College for Women - [LSR] New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) Loyola College Chennai, Tamil Nadu (INDIA) St Stephen's College New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) Christ University , (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.SC (AVIATION) Admission Bharath University UG Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:May 05, 2016 Read More.. Hindustan University UG Admissions 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Jul 04, 2016 Read More.. B.SC (AVIATION) COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES AVIATION MANAGEMENT FLIGHT ATTENDANTS TRAINING STATE WISE COLLEGES Maharashtra Rajasthan Uttar Pradesh Tamil Nadu Puducherry Nagaland CITY WISE COLLEGES Mumbai Aligarh Chennai Jaipur Tonk Jalandhar M.SC (AVIATION) COLLEGES See all colleges STATE WISE COLLEGES Telangana Nagaland CITY WISE COLLEGES Dimapur Hyderabad COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BCA EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS BUMAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS IPU CET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Delhi NCR MCA EXAMINATION See all exams NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS BIT-MCA STATE LEVEL EXAMS IPU CET CG PRE MCA MH CET MH CET RMCAAT EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Delhi NCR Chhattisgarh Maharashtra Rajasthan Karnataka Tamil Nadu Orissa Andhra Pradesh M.PHIL/PH.D IN COMPUTER APPLICATIONS Admission Christ University M.Phil. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jan 04, 2016 Read More.. Christ University Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Aug 18, 2016 Read More.. Bharathiar University M.Phil. and Ph.D. Admission... Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Sep 09, 2016 Read More.. Kerala University M.Phil and Ph.D. Admission 2016 Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala Reg. End Date:Aug 31, 2016 Read More.. BCA Admission Calicut University UG Admissions 2016 Calicut , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. Kalasalingam University UG, PG and Ph.D. Admission... Krishnankovil , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 03, 2016 Read More.. Karpagam University UG Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 10, 2016 Read More.. Tamil Nadu Open University (TNOU) UG Admission 201... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Oct 31, 2016 Read More.. MCA Admission CUSAT Admissions 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. Bharathiar University MBA & MCA Admission 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. Kalasalingam University UG, PG and Ph.D. Admission... Krishnankovil , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 03, 2016 Read More.. B S Abdur Rahman University (BSAU) MCA Admission 2... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Jun 15, 2016 Read More.. BCA COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ANIMATION STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Karnataka Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Punjab Kerala CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Chennai Pune Coimbatore Jaipur Kolkata MCA COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL DIGITAL EDUCATION NETWORKING TECHNOLOGIES SOFTWARE ENGINEERING STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Telangana CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Bangalore Pune Coimbatore Hyderabad Jaipur POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA GLS Institute of Computer Application Ahmedabad, Gujarat (INDIA) Xavier's Institute of Computer Application Ahmedabad, Gujarat (INDIA) Seshadripuram College Bangalore, Karnataka (INDIA) Institute of Information Technology and Management - [IITM] , (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BDS EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS NEET AIPMT STATE LEVEL EXAMS BCECE JCECE JKCET COMEDK-UGET TSEAMCET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Bihar Jammu and Kashmir Karnataka Goa Kerala Puducherry West Bengal Maharashtra Madhya Pradesh MDS EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS NEET MDS AIPGDEE MDS Admission Meenakshi University (MAHER) MD, MS and MDS Admiss... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Jan 22, 2016 Read More.. KUHS PG Medical Admission 2016 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Dec 14, 2015 Read More.. Amrita University PG Medical, Dental and Pharmacy ... Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 02, 2016 Read More.. MGR Medical University BDS and MDS Admissions 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jan 04, 2016 Read More.. BDS Admission KUHS MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2017 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 03, 2017 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University MBBS and BDS Admissions... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 24, 2016 Read More.. SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Annamalai University MBBS and BDS Admissions 2016 Cuddalore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jun 08, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN DENTAL Admission SASTRA University Ph.D. Programmes 2016 Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 27, 2016 Read More.. NITTE University Ph.D. Admission 2016 Mangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:May 15, 2016 Read More.. Maharashtara University of Health Sciences Ph. D A... Nashik , Maharashtra Reg. Start Date:Aug 25, 2016 Read More.. KLE University Ph.D Admissions 2016 Belgaum , Karnataka Reg. Result Date:Jun 05, 2016 Read More.. BDS COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL STATE WISE COLLEGES Karnataka Tamil Nadu Maharashtra Uttar Pradesh Kerala Rajasthan CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Bangalore Pune Jaipur Indore Mangalore MDS COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES PERIODONTICS ORTHODONTICS ORAL PATHOLOGY PROSTHODONTICS ORAL SURGERY ENDODONTICS STATE WISE COLLEGES Karnataka Tamil Nadu Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Kerala Rajasthan CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Chennai Pune Mangalore Ghaziabad Lucknow POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA Maulana Azad Institute of Dental Sciences - [MAIDS] New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) Manipal College of Dental Sciences - [MCODS] , (INDIA) SDM College of Dental Sciences and Hospital Dharwad, Karnataka (INDIA) A B Shetty Memorial Institute of Dental Sciences - [ABSMIDS] , (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.DES EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS AIEED UPES-DAT NIFT NID M.DES EXAMINATION See all exams NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS AIEED UPES-DAT NIFT NID CEED B.DES Admission Poornima University UG & PG Admission 2016 Jaipur , Rajasthan Reg. End Date:Jun 30, 2016 Read More.. M. S. Ramaiah University of Applied Sciences UG & ... Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. End Date:Jul 10, 2016 Read More.. Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNAFAU) BFA Admission... Hyderabad , Telangana Reg. End Date:Jun 23, 2016 Read More.. PES University UG & PG Admissions through PESSAT 2... Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Mar 10, 2016 Read More.. M.DES Admission UPES UG & PG Admission 2016 Dehradun , Uttarakhand Reg. End Date:Jun 22, 2016 Read More.. M. S. Ramaiah University of Applied Sciences UG & ... Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. End Date:Jul 10, 2016 Read More.. IISc Bangalore M. Tech and M.Des. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Feb 01, 2016 Read More.. PES University UG & PG Admissions through PESSAT 2... Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Mar 10, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN DESIGN Admission Avinashilingam University Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Aug 15, 2016 Read More.. Avinashilingam University M.Phil. Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Jul 10, 2016 Read More.. SASTRA University Ph.D. Programmes 2016 Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 27, 2016 Read More.. M S Ramaiah School of Advanced Studies (MSRUAS) Ph... Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Apr 13, 2016 Read More.. B.DES COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES FASHION DESIGN INTERIOR DESIGN TEXTILE DESIGN GENERAL INDUSTRIAL DESIGN JEWELRY DESIGN STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Karnataka Maharashtra Punjab Rajasthan Delhi NCR CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Jaipur Coimbatore Mumbai Kolkata Pune M.DES COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES UNIVERSAL DESIGN GAME DESIGN RETAIL DESIGN INFORMATION DESIGN INDUSTRIAL MANAGEMENT STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Punjab Maharashtra Rajasthan Uttar Pradesh Karnataka CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Mumbai Coimbatore Chennai Jaipur Jalandhar POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA National Institute of Design - [NID] Ahmedabad, Gujarat (INDIA) National Institute of Fashion Technology - [NIFT] Mumbai, Maharashtra (INDIA) National Institute of Fashion Technology - [NIFT] New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) Pearl Academy New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.ED EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS CSSET STATE LEVEL EXAMS IPU CET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Delhi NCR M.ED EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS MGU CAT MGU CAT M.ED Admission Central University of Kerala UG and PG Admissions ... Kasaragod , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. Alagappa University M.Ed. Admissions 2016 Karaikudi , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:May 14, 2016 Read More.. Bharathiar University PG Admissions 2016 Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. Kerala University M.Tech. Admission 2016 Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala Reg. Start Date:May 20, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN EDUCATION Admission Karnatak University Dharwad (KUD) Ph.D. Admissions... Dharwad , Karnataka Reg. Result Date:Mar 11, 2016 Read More.. Christ University M.Phil. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jan 04, 2016 Read More.. Calicut University M.Phil and Ph.D. Admissions 201... Calicut , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Dec 30, 2016 Read More.. Christ University Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Aug 18, 2016 Read More.. B.ED Admission Tamil Nadu Teachers Education University B.Ed. Adm... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Aug 14, 2016 Read More.. Calicut University UG Admissions 2016 Calicut , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. Kalasalingam University UG, PG and Ph.D. Admission... Krishnankovil , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jun 03, 2016 Read More.. Tamil Nadu Open University (TNOU) B.Ed. Admission ... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jan 16, 2016 Read More.. B.ED COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL ENGLISH MATHEMATICS PHYSICAL EDUCATION BIOSCIENCE COMMERCE EDUCATION STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Uttar Pradesh Haryana West Bengal Karnataka Punjab CITY WISE COLLEGES Kolkata Meerut Chennai Lucknow Namakkal Coimbatore M.ED COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GAMES & SPORTS STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Uttar Pradesh Haryana Maharashtra Kerala Madhya Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Meerut Bhopal Namakkal Jaipur Kanyakumari POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA Kamla Nehru Mahavidyalaya Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh (INDIA) Kamal Institute of Higher Education & Advance Technology - [KIHEAT] , (INDIA) Bhabha College of Education Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh (INDIA) Bombay Teachers' Training College - [BTTC] Mumbai, Maharashtra (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BHM Admission SPSU B.Tech, M.Tech & MBA Admission 2016 Udaipur , Rajasthan Reg. Start Date:Apr 01, 2016 Read More.. VSKU UG Admission 2016 Bellary , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jul 15, 2016 Read More.. Bangalore University UG Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Jun 07, 2016 Read More.. M. S. Ramaiah University of Applied Sciences UG & ... Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. End Date:Jul 10, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN HOTEL MANAGEMENT Admission SASTRA University Ph.D. Programmes 2016 Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 27, 2016 Read More.. M S Ramaiah School of Advanced Studies (MSRUAS) Ph... Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Apr 13, 2016 Read More.. BHM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES CATERING TECHNOLOGY CATERING SCIENCE CULINARY ARTS STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Maharashtra Uttar Pradesh Punjab Karnataka Rajasthan CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Pune Bangalore Dehradun Coimbatore Jaipur MHM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES HOUSE KEEPING STATE WISE COLLEGES Haryana Uttarakhand Rajasthan Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra West Bengal CITY WISE COLLEGES Kolkata Nainital Dehradun Jaipur Wayanad Pune POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA Institute of Hotel Management Catering Technology and Applied Nutrition - [IHM] Mumbai, Maharashtra (INDIA) Institute of Hotel Management - [IHM] Bangalore, Karnataka (INDIA) International Institute of Hotel Management - [IIHM] Kolkata, West Bengal (INDIA) Dr. Ambedkar Institute of Hotel Management Catering and Nutrition - [IHM] Chandigarh, Chandigarh (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission LLB EXAMINATION See all exams NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS TS LAWCET CLAT LSAT AILET STATE LEVEL EXAMS IPU CET CUSAT CAT Engineering DU-LLB AMU BA LLB BLAT EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Delhi NCR Kerala Uttar Pradesh LLM EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS MGU CAT CLAT AILET STATE LEVEL EXAMS IPU CET CUSAT CAT Engineering EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Delhi NCR Kerala LLB Admission CUSAT Admissions 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. TNDALU LL.B & LL.M Admission 2017 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 11, 2016 Read More.. SRM University Haryana UG & PG Admission 2016 Sonepat , Haryana Reg. Result Date:May 10, 2016 Read More.. Christ University Law Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Result Date:May 02, 2016 Read More.. LLM Admission CUSAT Admissions 2016 Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 20, 2016 Read More.. Central University of Kerala UG and PG Admissions ... Kasaragod , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jun 17, 2016 Read More.. Kerala University of Fisheries (KUFOS) PG Admissio... Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Mar 08, 2016 Read More.. TNDALU LL.B & LL.M Admission 2017 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 11, 2016 Read More.. PG DIPLOMA IN LAW Admission Kerala University of Fisheries (KUFOS) PG Admissio... Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Mar 08, 2016 Read More.. Indian Law Institute PG Diploma Admissions 2016 New Delhi , Delhi NCR Reg. Start Date:May 02, 2016 Read More.. LLB COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL STATE WISE COLLEGES Uttar Pradesh Karnataka Maharashtra Rajasthan Haryana Madhya Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Lucknow Mumbai Jaipur Pune Ghaziabad LLM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES CIVIL LAW CORPORATE LAW CRIMINAL LAW INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAW INTERNATIONAL LAW LABOR LAW STATE WISE COLLEGES Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Rajasthan Karnataka Madhya Pradesh Tamil Nadu CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Pune Jaipur Bhopal Lucknow Hyderabad POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA National Law School of India University - [NLSIU] Bangalore, Karnataka (INDIA) Faculty of Law University of Delhi New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) NALSAR University of Law - [NALSAR] Hyderabad, Telangana (INDIA) The West Bengal National University of Juridical Sciences - [NUJS] Kolkata, West Bengal (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BMM EXAMINATION STATE LEVEL EXAMS IPU CET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Delhi NCR BMM Admission Calicut University UG Admissions 2016 Calicut , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. Jain University UG and PG Admissions 2016 Bangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Mar 07, 2016 Read More.. Centurion University UG and PG Admissions 2016 Bhubaneswar , Orissa Reg. End Date:Mar 31, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN MASS COMMUNICATION Admission Karnataka State Women’s University (KSWU) Ph.D. ... Bijapur , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Nov 09, 2015 Read More.. SASTRA University Ph.D. Programmes 2016 Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 27, 2016 Read More.. NITTE University Ph.D. Admission 2016 Mangalore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:May 15, 2016 Read More.. Madurai Kamaraj University M.Phil. Admissions 2017 Madurai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jan 11, 2016 Read More.. PG DIPLOMA IN MASS COMMUNICATION Admission University of Madras PG Diploma/Diploma & Certific... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Jul 29, 2016 Read More.. BMM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES MULTIMEDIA COMMUNICATION ANIMATION VIDEOGRAPHY GAMES & SPORTS GRAPHIC DESIGNING STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Maharashtra Karnataka Uttar Pradesh Kerala Delhi NCR CITY WISE COLLEGES Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Bangalore Pune Noida MMC COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES JOURNALISM MEDIA STUDIES ADVERTISING FILM MAKING BROADCAST JOURNALISM CINEMATOGRAPHY STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Rajasthan Karnataka Delhi NCR CITY WISE COLLEGES Chennai Jaipur Bhubaneswar Coimbatore Pune Mumbai POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA Manorama School of Communication - [MASCOM] Kottayam, Kerala (INDIA) Film and Television Institute of India - [FTII] Pune, Maharashtra (INDIA) Institute of Mass Communication and Media Technology - [IMCMT] Kurukshetra, Haryana (INDIA) Times School of Journalism-(TSJ) New Delhi, Delhi NCR (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.SC (NURSING) EXAMINATION STATE LEVEL EXAMS MH CET MPDMAT EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Maharashtra Madhya Pradesh B.SC (NURSING) Admission KUHS MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2017 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 03, 2017 Read More.. SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University Pharmacy & Paramedical ... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Annamalai University B.Pharm and M.Pharm Admission... Cuddalore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jun 08, 2016 Read More.. M.SC (NURSING) Admission KUHS PG Medical Admission 2016 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Dec 14, 2015 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University Pharmacy & Paramedical ... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 04, 2016 Read More.. Amrita University PG Medical, Dental and Pharmacy ... Kochi , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 02, 2016 Read More.. Tamlinadu MGR Medical University M.Sc. Nursing Adm... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jan 04, 2016 Read More.. UG DIPLOMA IN PARAMEDICAL Admission SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. B.SC (NURSING) COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES OPTOMETRY CARDIAC TECHNOLOGY HEALTH CARE PERSONNEL RADIOTHERAPY EMERGENCY MEDICINE ANAESTHISIA STATE WISE COLLEGES Karnataka Tamil Nadu Kerala Punjab Maharashtra Rajasthan CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Chennai Mangalore Coimbatore Pune Thrissur M.SC (NURSING) COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES NURSING PEDIATRICS STATE WISE COLLEGES Karnataka Tamil Nadu Kerala Maharashtra Punjab Madhya Pradesh CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Chennai Mangalore Coimbatore Pune Thrissur COLLEGES EXAMS Admission B.PHARM EXAMINATION See all exams NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS AU AIMEE Pharmacy GITAM GAT PGP BITSAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS RPET Pharmacy RPET Pharmacy TSEAMCET GCET MHT CET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Rajasthan Goa Karnataka West Bengal Bihar M.PHARM EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS AU AIMEE Pharmacy GPAT STATE LEVEL EXAMS OJEE EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Orissa B.PHARM Admission KUHS MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2017 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 03, 2017 Read More.. SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University Pharmacy & Paramedical ... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Annamalai University B.Pharm (L.E.), D.Pharm Admis... Cuddalore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jun 08, 2016 Read More.. M.PHARM Admission KUHS PG Medical Admission 2016 Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Dec 14, 2015 Read More.. SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University Pharmacy & Paramedical ... Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Apr 04, 2016 Read More.. Jagadguru Sri Shivarathreeswara (JSS) University M... Mysore , Karnataka Reg. Start Date:Apr 27, 2016 Read More.. M.PHIL/PH.D IN PHARMACY Admission SRM University MBBS, BDS & B.Pharm. Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Mar 30, 2016 Read More.. Kerala University of Health Sciences M.Phil. And P... Thrissur , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Jan 02, 2017 Read More.. Sri Ramachandra University Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Result Date:Jan 23, 2016 Read More.. VELS University Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Jan 15, 2016 Read More.. B.PHARM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GENERAL PHARMACOLOGY AYURVED STATE WISE COLLEGES Uttar Pradesh Karnataka Maharashtra Tamil Nadu Telangana Gujarat CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Pune Hyderabad Lucknow Jaipur Chennai M.PHARM COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES PHARMACEUTICS PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMISTRY PHARMACEUTICAL ANALYTICS INDUSTRIAL PHARMACY PHARMACOGNOSY PRACTICE PHARMACY STATE WISE COLLEGES Karnataka Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Telangana Tamil Nadu Gujarat CITY WISE COLLEGES Bangalore Hyderabad Pune Chennai Lucknow Indore POPULAR COLLEGES IN INDIA National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research - [NIPER] Mohali, Punjab (INDIA) University Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences Chandigarh, Chandigarh (INDIA) Manipal College of Pharmaceutical Sciences - [MCOPS] , (INDIA) Bombay College of Pharmacy - [BCP] Mumbai, Maharashtra (INDIA) COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BVSC EXAMINATION NATIONAL LEVEL EXAMS AIPVT STATE LEVEL EXAMS JCECE TSEAMCET KEAM KCET EXAMS IN POPULAR STATES Kerala Karnataka BVSC Admission TANUVAS B.V.Sc. & AH & B.Tech. Admissions 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 20, 2016 Read More.. KVASU B.Tech and B.V.Sc.& AH Admission 2016 Wayanad , Kerala Reg. Start Date:Jan 03, 2016 Read More.. KVAFSU UG Admissions 2016 Bidar , Karnataka Reg. End Date:Mar 23, 2016 Read More.. Sri Venkateswara Veterinary University BVSc & BFSc... Tirupati , Andhra Pradesh Reg. End Date:Feb 03, 2016 Read More.. MVSC Admission TANUVAS PG Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Aug 12, 2016 Read More.. KVASU M.V.Sc. and Ph.D. Admission 2016 Wayanad , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Aug 20, 2016 Read More.. KVAFSU PG Admissions 2016 Bidar , Karnataka Reg. End Date:Aug 20, 2016 Read More.. Maharashtra Animal and Fisheries Science Universit... Nagpur , Maharashtra Reg. Start Date:Aug 07, 2016 Read More.. PH.D IN VETERINARY SCIENCE Admission TANUVAS PG Admission 2016 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Reg. End Date:Aug 12, 2016 Read More.. KVASU M.V.Sc. and Ph.D. Admission 2016 Wayanad , Kerala Reg. Result Date:Aug 20, 2016 Read More.. KVAFSU Ph.D. Admissions 2016 Bidar , Karnataka Reg. Result Date:Oct 06, 2016 Read More.. SASTRA University Ph.D. Programmes 2016 Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:May 27, 2016 Read More.. BVSC COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES ANIMAL HEALTH STATE WISE COLLEGES Gujarat Rajasthan Maharashtra Uttar Pradesh Kerala Karnataka CITY WISE COLLEGES Bikaner Tirupati Wayanad Thrissur Pantnagar Bhubaneswar MVSC COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES LIVESTOCK MANAGEMENT ANIMAL NUTRITION ANIMAL PATHOLOGY ANIMAL SURGERY ANIMAL MICROBIOLOGY ANIMAL GENETICS STATE WISE COLLEGES Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra Gujarat Rajasthan Kerala Haryana CITY WISE COLLEGES Hisar Nagpur Bikaner Bhubaneswar Chennai Tirupati COLLEGES EXAMS Admission BACHELORS IN VOCATIONAL COURSES Admission Annamalai University BE & B.Voc. Admissions 2016 Cuddalore , Tamil Nadu Reg. Start Date:Jun 08, 2016 Read More.. BAMUA UG Admission 2016 Aurangabad , Maharashtra Reg. Start Date:Mar 01, 2016 Read More.. BACHELORS COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES VOCATIONAL STUDIES FASHION DESIGN FOOD TECHNOLOGY CORPORATE EDUCATION FILM MAKING INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING STATE WISE COLLEGES Maharashtra Kerala Tamil Nadu Punjab Uttar Pradesh Jharkhand CITY WISE COLLEGES Mumbai Ranchi Coimbatore Thiruvananthapuram Thrissur Aurangabad MASTERS COLLEGES See all colleges BROWSE BY COURSES GAMES & SPORTS STATE WISE COLLEGES Tamil Nadu Uttarakhand CITY WISE COLLEGES Dehradun Chennai Home > Hyderabad > Indian School of Business - [ISB], Hyderabad > News & Articles Indian School of Business - [ISB], Hyderabad - News & Articles Details Hyderabad, Telangana Estd 2001 Private Institute (Autonomous) 9.4 5 reviews Info Courses & Fees Reviews Placement Gallery Scholarship Faculty News & Articles Hostel Online Registration Starts for PGP Programme at ISB Hyderabad back 9 shares share on facebook share on twitter Last Updated - 2015-12-08 18:47:00 Applications are invited by Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad for admission to one year Post Graduate Program (PGP) in for the academic session 2016-17. The Last Application Deadline for applying is January 30, 2016 ISB PGP Admissions 2016 Eligibility Criteria The applicants should have a bachelor’s degree or an equivalent qualification in any discipline An equivalent qualification will be determined by the Admission Committee of the programme and will include the likes of CA, ICWA, etc. The applicant should possess a minimum of 10 years of full-time work experience as on date of submitting the application (desired experience is closer to 15 or more years). ISB Hyderbad Courses 2016 ISB PGP Admissions 2016 Important Dates E vent D ates Applications Open August 20, 2015 Early Application Deadline November 30, 2015 Late Application Deadline January 30, 2016 Admission Offer Results March 15, 2016 ISB PGP Admissions 2016 Application Process The application will be available from August 20, 2015. The programme office accepts only online applications and printed applications are not available. The form can be completed over several sessions. Applicants can save and review the information before final submission of the completed application.Candidates applying for Admission in the college can check ISB Hyderabad Placements 2015 The following documents can be scanned and uploaded along with the application Colour photograph Passport photocopy Bachelor’s degree marksheets/transcripts (for all semesters/years) Bachelor’s Degree Certificate Marksheets/transcripts and certificates for additional education (if applicable) Proof of income Company Support Letter (not applicable for self employed individuals/business owners) Business card Two Professional Recommendations from current/previous supervisors Organization Chart ISB Hyderbad Hostel ISB PGP Admissions 2016 Application fee Round 1 Application Deadline - November 30, 2015 Rs. 10,000* Final Application Deadline - January 30, 2016 Rs. 15,000* A non- refundable application fee will have to be paid at the time of submission of the application. Payments can be made only via credit card. The fee amount is dependent on the date when the application is submitted. No payment is required to create a user login and start the online application. Application fee amount needs to be paid at the time of submitting the completed application. Fee for Round 1 Applications will be ?10,000/- (Applications submitted by November 30, 2015, 5:00pm (IST). The application fee for final deadline will be ?15,000/- (Applications submitted after November 30, 2015, 5:00pm (IST) will NOT be considered as Round 1 application and will automatically be charged ?15,000/-). Top MBA Colleges in India Best MBA colleges in Andhra Pradesh ISB PGP Admissions 2016 Selection Process Applicants are evaluated on several criteria to ensure that the participants selected are well-rounded individuals. Each component of the application and the performance in the interview is important. Selection of the participants for the programme will be made considering a combination of many factors including: Quantity and quality of work experience e.g. significant responsibility, experience of managing personnel and budgets, etc. Evidence of professional success Strong communication skills Likelihood of benefiting from the programme Business leadership potential, track-record, traits, attitude/mindset, etc. Motivation to participate in the programme Undergraduate degree performance Performance in the interview Related News & Articles 2016-10-12 18:41:37 Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute .. Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute Of Management, New D ... 2016-10-06 11:48:17 IIM Admission Criteria based .. Learn the IIM Selection Process through CAT Scores ... 2016-10-05 12:26:05 CAT 2016: IIM Bangalore intro .. Trending News & Articles 2016-07-14 15:24:09 Savitribai Phule Pune Univers .. 2016-07-14 15:38:13 Mumbai University - Official .. 2016-07-14 15:27:19 Official Website of Dr. NTR U .. Similar Colleges follow 9.4 /10 Indian Institute of Management - [IIMC] Kolkata aicte MBA/PGDM 9.4 ?11 L /year view all course and fee follow 8.6 /10 National Institute of Industrial Engineering - [NITIE] Mumbai aicte MBA/PGDM 8.6 ?3.81 L /year view all course and fee follow 9.0 /10 Indian Institute of Management - [IIM] Indore aicte Executive MBA 9.0 ?18 L /year view all course and fee follow 8.6 /10 Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management - [SJMSOM] Mumbai aicte Executive MBA 8.6 ?36 L /year view all course and fee follow 8.8 /10 Faculty of Management Studies - [FMS] New Delhi aicte MBA/PGDM 8.8 ?50 K /year view all course and fee follow 8.5 /10 Management Development Institute - [MDI] Gurgaon aicte MBA/PGDM 8.5 ?10.5 L /year view all course and fee NEAR BY COLLEGES follow 7.6 /10 National Institute of Agricultural Extension Management - [MANAGE] Hyderabad aicte PG Diploma in Management 7.6 ?3.75 L /year view all course and fee follow 7.6 /10 ICFAI Business School - [IBS] Hyderabad aicte BBA/BBM 7.6 view all course and fee follow 7.0 /10 Institute of Public Enterprise - [IPE] Hyderabad aicte Executive MBA 7.0 ?6.1 L /year view all course and fee follow 6.6 /10 Presidency School of Management and Computer Science Hyderabad aicte MBA/PGDM 6.6 view all course and fee follow 6.2 /10 Sun International Institute for Technology and Management - [SUN] Hyderabad aicte BBA/BBM 6.2 ?83.3 K /year view all course and fee follow 6.0 /10 National Academy of Agricultural Research Management - [NAARM] Hyderabad aicte PG Diploma in Management 6.0 ?2.82 L /year view all course and fee apply now Download Brochure INTERESTED IN THIS COLLEGE ? Get free counselling Follow & Share this college to get information about admission follow share Other Colleges In The Same Group Indian School of Business - [ISB] Mohali, PUNJAB news Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management announces PGDM Admission 2017-19 through CAT 2016 1 week ago IIM Admission Criteria based on IIMCAT Score 1 week ago CAT 2016: IIM Bangalore introduces special provisions for PWD candidates 2 weeks ago CAT Preparation Tips for working Professionals taking CAT 2016 2 weeks ago top courses Post Graduate Diploma in Family Business AVG FEE - ?3,514,000/Yr 1 Year 3 Months PGPM AVG FEE - ?2,353,700/Yr 1 Year PGPMAX AVG FEE - ?3,534,000/Yr 1 Year view more courses[1] Placements average package ?1,815,964 faculties Sanjay Kallapur Professor, Department of Accounts Mudit Kapoor Assistant Professor, Department of Economic and Public Policy Ravi Shamika Assistant Professor, Department of Economic and Public Policy view all faculties[9] reviews 9.7 /10 student satisfactory rating GMAT,Scored 740/800. Applied to this college because of its reputation and world class faculty. The college is world class college and ranked amongst the top colleges in india. by Sahil Singla 9.0 /10 student satisfactory rating I took the GMAT and scored a 710 in the second attempt was a long time since. I had been thinking of doing a Post graduate for career growth. This gave me within 1 year so loss of income was lesser. by Abhinav Birla view more reviews[3] write a review for your college and get ?200 in your PAYTM wallet write a review DOWNLOAD FRIZZA APP SWITCH TO APP FOR Get instant joining bonus High paying offers Refer friends to earn more top links top streams in india Management Colleges in India in Telangana Management Colleges in Telangana in Hyderabad Management Colleges in Hyderabad top courses in India MBA/PGDM Colleges in India EXECUTIVE MBA Colleges in India M.PHIL/PH.D IN MANAGEMENT Colleges in India in Hyderabad MBA/PGDM Colleges in Hyderabad EXECUTIVE MBA Colleges in Hyderabad M.PHIL/PH.D IN MANAGEMENT Colleges in Hyderabad in Telangana MBA/PGDM Colleges in Telangana EXECUTIVE MBA Colleges in Telangana M.PHIL/PH.D IN MANAGEMENT Colleges in Telangana top exams cat 2016 cat 2016 application process cat 2016 exam pattern cat 2016 preparation tips cat 2016 practice papers cat 2016 results cat 2016 cutoff gate 2017 gate 2017 application process gate 2017 exam pattern gate 2017 preparation tips gate 2017 practice papers gate 2017 results gate 2017 cutoff jee-main 2017 jee-main 2017 application process jee-main 2017 exam pattern jee-main 2017 preparation tips jee-main 2017 results jee-main 2017 practice papers jee-main 2017 cutoff neet 2016 neet 2016 application process neet 2016 exam pattern neet 2016 preparation tips neet 2016 results neet 2016 practice papers neet 2016 cutoff xat 2017 xat 2017 application process xat 2017 exam pattern xat 2017 preparation tips xat 2017 results xat 2017 practice papers xat 2017 cutoff clat 2017 clat 2017 application process clat 2017 exam pattern clat 2017 results clat 2017 practice papers clat 2017 cutoff mat 2016 mat 2016 application process mat 2016 exam pattern mat 2016 preparation tips mat 2016 results mat 2016 practice papers mat 2016 cutoff top admissions MBA/PGDM NALSAR MBA/PGDM ADMISSIONS 2016 ANGRAU MBA/PGDM ADMISSIONS 2016 UOH MBA/PGDM ADMISSIONS 2016 OU MBA/PGDM ADMISSIONS 2016 KU MBA/PGDM ADMISSIONS 2016 subscribe to our news letter college notification exam notification news update SELECT YOUR COURSE B.Arch B.Com B.Des B.Ed B.Pharm B.Sc B.Sc (Agriculture) B.Sc (Aviation) B.Sc (Computers) B.Sc (Medicine) B.Sc (Nursing) BA Bachelors in Vocational Courses BAMS BBA/BBM BCA BDS BE/B.Tech BHM BMM BVSc Certificate in Agriculture Certificate in Arts Certificate in Commerce Certificate in Computer Applications Certificate in Design Certificate in Engineering Certificate in Hotel Management Certificate in Mass Communication Certificate in Medical Certificate in Paramedical Certificate in Science Certificate in Vocational Courses D.Litt Diploma in Architecture Diploma in Arts Diploma in Computer Applications Diploma in Dental Diploma in Design Diploma in Engineering Diploma in Hotel Management Diploma in Mass Communication Diploma in Medical Diploma in Paramedical Diploma in Science Diploma in Vocational Courses Diplomate National Board [DNB] Executive MBA Graduate Certificate in Agriculture Graduate Certificate in Arts Graduate Certificate in Aviation Graduate Certificate in Commerce Graduate Certificate in Computer Applications Graduate Certificate in Dental Graduate Certificate in Education Graduate Certificate in Engineering Graduate Certificate in Law Graduate Certificate in Management Graduate Certificate in Mass Communication Graduate Certificate in Medical Graduate Certificate in Paramedical Graduate Certificate in Pharmacy Graduate Certificate in Science Graduate Certificate in Vocational Courses Graduate Diploma in Agriculture Graduate Diploma in Arts Graduate Diploma in Aviation Graduate Diploma in Commerce Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications Graduate Diploma in Design Graduate Diploma in Education Graduate Diploma in Engineering Graduate Diploma in Hotel Management Graduate Diploma in Law Graduate Diploma in Management Graduate Diploma in Mass Communication Graduate Diploma in Medical Graduate Diploma in Paramedical Graduate Diploma in Pharmacy Graduate Diploma in Science Graduate Diploma in Veterinary Science Graduate Diploma in Vocational Courses LLB LLD LLM M.Arch M.Ch M.Com M.Des M.Ed M.Pharm M.Phil in Agriculture M.Phil/Ph.D in Agriculture M.Phil/Ph.D in Architecture M.Phil/Ph.D in Arts M.Phil/Ph.D in Commerce M.Phil/Ph.D in Computer Applications M.Phil/Ph.D in Dental M.Phil/Ph.D in Design M.Phil/Ph.D in Education M.Phil/Ph.D in Engineering M.Phil/Ph.D in Hotel Management M.Phil/Ph.D in Law M.Phil/Ph.D in Management M.Phil/Ph.D in Mass Communication M.Phil/Ph.D in Medicine M.Phil/Ph.D in Paramedical M.Phil/Ph.D in Pharmacy M.Phil/Ph.D in Science M.Planning M.Sc M.Sc (Agriculture) M.Sc (Aviation) M.Sc (Hotel Management) M.Sc (Medicine) M.Sc (Nursing) MA Master of Physiotherapy(MPT) Masters in Vocational Courses MBA/PGDM MBBS MCA MD MDS ME/M.Tech MHM MMC MS MVSc PG Certificate in Arts PG Certificate in Commerce PG Certificate in Dental PG Certificate in Engineering PG Certificate in Mass Communication PG Certificate in Medical PG Certificate in Science PG Certificate in Vocational Courses PG Diploma in Agriculture PG Diploma in Architecture PG Diploma in Arts PG Diploma in Aviation PG Diploma in Commerce PG Diploma in Computer Applications PG Diploma in Design PG Diploma in Education PG Diploma in Engineering PG Diploma in Hotel Management PG Diploma in Law PG Diploma in Management PG Diploma in Mass Communication PG Diploma in Medical PG Diploma in Pharmacy PG Diploma in Science PG Diploma in Veterinary Science PG Diploma in Vocational Courses Ph.D in Veterinary Science UG Certificate in Agriculture UG Certificate in Arts UG Certificate in Commerce UG Certificate in Computer Applications UG Certificate in Dental UG Certificate in Design UG Certificate in Engineering UG Certificate in Hotel Management UG Certificate in Management UG Certificate in Mass Communication UG Certificate in Medical UG Certificate in Paramedical UG Certificate in Science UG Certificate in Vocational Courses UG Diploma in Agriculture UG Diploma in Architecture UG Diploma in Arts UG Diploma in Commerce UG Diploma in Computer Applications UG Diploma in Dental UG Diploma in Design UG Diploma in Engineering UG Diploma in HM UG Diploma in Management UG Diploma in Mass Communication UG Diploma in Medical UG Diploma in Paramedical UG Diploma in Science UG Diploma in Veterinary Science UG Diploma in Vocational Courses BHMS B.Planning Bachelor of Physiotherapy(BPT) BUMS MHA M.P.Ed BFA B.P.Ed BBA (Aviation) SUBMIT top colleges for m.b.a b.tech/b.e mca bca m.tech ma ba top universities for engineering management medical law commerce science arts top exams cat gate iit-jee aipmt xat clat mat other links about collegedunia contact us advertising careers privacy terms & conditions shares 2,60,000 COPYRIGHT © 2016 COLLEGEDUNIA WEB PVT. LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED"
  Lt Col Kumar Abhishek, MBA, PGP(ISB), M.E(IISc) - AngelList Join Log In AngelList Startup Jobs Recruit Invest More Companies Services People Investors Incubators Alumni Networks New Salaries Valuations Help People Your Alumni Network New Companies Services People Investors Incubators Alumni Networks New Salaries Valuations Help Lt Col Kumar Abhishek, MBA, PGP(ISB), M.E(IISc) Operations Bengaluru 2 Connections There was a problem loading your content. Lt Col Kumar Abhishek, MBA, PGP(ISB), M.E(IISc) Log in or sign up to find connections to Lt. View Lt's connections Connect Experience Amazon Regional Manager Logistics Operations Founder Employee Amazon Investor Syndicator Incubator Advisor Attorney Board Member Mentor Member Acquired Customer People directory: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z We're hiring · Help Blog Twitter Facebook · Terms Risks · Unsubscribe · Mobile · Desktop · Profile not verified "
  ISB Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) Apply Online Now ! View Virtual InfoSession online Attend an ISB InfoSession event Visit PGP Website Download Brochure Name: E-Mail: Phone Number: City: * Last Date for Cycle 1 of Applications: 15 Sep.'12 * We will send you brochure at the specified e-mail. E-Mail: pgpadmissions@isb.edu Call: +91 040 23187474/7478 The Office of Admissions & Financial Aid, Indian School of Business, Gachibowli, Hyderabad 500 032, INDIA "
 Fédération Rhône Centres Sociaux - Accueil Affichage Accessibilité | Accueil | Plan du site | Mettre en favoris | Imprimer Fédération des centres sociaux du Rhône Dans le Rhône, 77 centres sociaux associatifs animent la vie sociale dans les quartiers urbains et les cantons ruraux Moteur de recherche ... Réseau 69 Fédération 69 Espace doc Espace adhérents Partenaires Rejoignez-nous MODULE ACTUALITES Calendrier <<< Octobre 2016 >>> L M M J V S D 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Qu'est ce qu'un centre social ? voir ici la réponse en image et en quelques minutes La fabrique des possible from doncvoilà productions on Vimeo . Bienvenue sur le site des centres sociaux du Rhône ! Lettre d'information Tenez-vous régulièrement informé de notre actualité en consultant notre lettre d'information. S'abonner à la lettre Se désabonner de la lettre Votre compte Pour accéder aux pages de l'espace adhérent ou pour commenter un texte, identifiez-vous ! Email Mot de passe Créer un compte Mot de passe perdu Supprimer mon compte Flux RSS Offres d'emplois des centres sociaux en Rhône-Alpes Fédération nationale Mots clés évaluation développement durable lutte contre les discriminations laïcité parentalité participation des habitants vie associative cnetres sociaux Rhône Lyon centre social maison quartier habitants activités Rejoignez-nous Partenaires Espace adhérents Espace doc Fédération 69 Réseau 69 Concours Photos Le jury a choisi : découvrez les meilleures sélections et photos des centres sociaux. Journée Culture - interculturalité De la différence qui dérange à l'altérité qui enrichit, c'était le 3 mai ! Reconnaissance Signature d'une charte de partenariat avec le Grand Lyon et la Caisse d'Allocations Familliales du Rhône Journée régionale d'échange et de prospective Une journée régionale, pour qui ? pour quoi ? Collectivités locales, Caf de Rhône-Alpes, réseau des centres sociaux et partenaires (État, MSA, CARSAT, …) débattent pour construire collectivement les meilleures conditions d'un partenariat efficace et utile pour le développement local. Au programme : interventions, travaux en groupe, témoignages… Grand témoin de la journée : YANNICK BLANC, Président de la FONDA (le « think tank » associatif français), Président de l'Agence Nationale du Service Civique, Ancien Préfet voir le document de présentation de la journée Un nouveau Conseil d'administration : cap sur la nouvelle gouvernance ! Cette année, à l'AG, le collège professionnels avait plus de candidats que de postes à pourvoir, et le collège associations a quasi doublé ! Dans leurs candidatures, beaucoup ont souligné l’importance voire la nécessité de jouer collectif et d’avancer en réseau face à un avenir économique incertain et aux changements sociétaux forts, pour se faire entendre et partager notre vision du « vivre ensemble ». Ils ont ainsi souhaité ""faire leur part"" en s’engageant et participant à cette vie en réseau, afin de former une « fédération forte ». composition du Conseil d'Administration Oyez oyez : c'est l'heure de l'AG ! Le 17 juin 2016 : rendez-vous à 18h au centre socio-culturel de la Carnière, pour un temps fort de la vie de notre réseau, l'Assemblée Générale de la Fédération ! voir l'invitation complète consulter le rapport d'activité consulter la présentation de la proposition de nouvelle gouvernance horizontale (qui sera soumise au vote à cette AG pour expérimentation pendant 2 ans) P'tit dèj de l'info sur le marketing associatif : vendredi 20 mai 2016 Annulé en janvier, le P'tit dèj' de l'info avec François Mayaux est reprogrammé : retrouvons-nous le 20 mai au centre social J. J. Peyri (Vaulx-en-Velin). en savoir + Conseil Départemental du 11 mars : rdv pour tout le réseau du Rhône ! Le vendredi 11 mars, de 17h30 à 21h : salariés et membres du CA des centres sociaux du Rhône se sont retrouvés pour découvrir et compléter/modifier les 7 propositions pour une nouvelle gouvernance. Pour en savoir + sur ce rdv et connaître le programme Pour consulter les 7 propositions pour une nouvelle gouvernance Face aux initiatives alternatives à l'économie de marché : quel rôle à jouer pour le centre social ? AMAP, Accorderie, zones de gratuité, réseaux d'échanges... de nouvelles organisations et manière d'échanger et d'acheter se dessinnent. Quels sont les enjeux de ce ""mouvement en cours"" ? Comment cela interroge le rôle du centre social ? Qu'est ce qui est à entendre et à imaginer dans nos projets de centres sociaux ? P'tit dèj de l'info (pour les salariés des centres) : vendredi 25 mars, matinée Apéro de l'info (pour les administrateurs des centres) : jeudi 24 mars, soirée + d'infos Le centre social a-t-il quelque chose à vendre ? Le marketing associatif et la communication peuvent-elles intégrer le centre social ? Comment ? Venez en savoir plus et en parler : au P'tit dèj de l'info le 29 janvier (pour les professionnels des centres sociaux) attention : rdv annulé ! à l'Apéro de l'info le 11 février (pour les administrateurs des centres sociaux) Accueil des nouveaux administrateurs Commençons l’année ensemble ! Un temps de rencontre est proposé à tout nouvel administrateur dans son centre social, afin de mieux connaître le réseau ! Une soirée en 2 temps : - INFORMATIONS & ECHANGES: A quoi sert votre Fédération ? Quel rôle joue-t-elle ? Quel projet porte-t-elle en votre nom ? Quels soutiens peut-elle apporter aux 77 centres sociaux du Rhône ? Les grands projets pour 2016 - RENCONTRES : Se présenter, rencontrer d’autres administrateurs, échanger avec l’équipe de la Fédération... Jeudi 28 janvier 2016, 18h30, à la Fédération Fédération des centres sociaux du Rhône 138 Cours Emile Zola - 69100 Villeurbanne Accès : Métro ligne A, arrêt République Inscriptions avant le 15/01/2016, par mail ou par téléphone. Merci ! - 04 78 84 50 84 Nos coeurs sont déchirés Par Claudie Miller, présidente de la FCSF Nos coeurs sont déchirés entre rage et compassion. La compassion pour les victimes, leurs familles, leurs amis, leurs proches, pour tous ceux qui ont subi vendredi soir la violence aveugle et sauvage d’assassins fanatiques. Le respect de leurs douleurs appelle silence, recueillement, dignité, solidarité. Mais déjà ce silence bruisse de nos envie d’agir, de nous mobiliser, de combattre la haine et la barbarie. Nous avons la « rage au coeur. » La volonté affirmée de résister à la peur des autres, au repli sur soi, à la stigmatisation, à l’injustice. C’est chaque jour que les centres sociaux s’engagent et agissent pour tisser du lien, là ou d’autres cultivent les divisions. C’est chaque jour qu’ils accueillent, accompagnent, valorisent la diversité, inventent du vivre ensemble. Notre avenir à tous, si nous le voulons fraternel, est collectif. Il passe par la rencontre, l’échange, le débat. Chacun peut s’engager plus au service de tous. Nos élus, nos édiles doivent nous rejoindrent, réassurer la confiance que nous devons leur faire pour porter haut et fort nos valeurs républicaines. Nos portes doivent être ouvertes en grand, nos projets connus de tous et défendus, nos choix affirmés : la meilleure éducation pour tous, le droit à l’expression, à la culture, à l’information. Nous aimons la convivialité, les fêtes, les repas partagées, les rencontres, la joie : que cela soit la marque de nos « fabriques des possibles » que sont les centres sociaux. Que cette joie collective d’être ensemble, unis et responsables, soit le bouclier que nous dressons contre la barbarie. « Faire ce qui nous semble juste, là où nous sommes » - message de la FCSF En cette rentrée de septembre 2015, le Conseil d’administration de la FCSF souhaite envoyer un message à l’ensemble des centres sociaux du réseau national. Cette prise de parole est motivée par la volonté de faire face à la peur et au découragement liés à un contexte national et mondial anxiogène. C’est le cas en ce début d’année scolaire concernant l’arrivée d’un nombre important de réfugiés venus de pays en guerre. [...] "" nous adressons à l’ensemble de notre réseau quelques réflexions sur ce qui pourraient devenir des propositions d’actions concertées"". .. lire la suite sur le site de la FCSF Signature de la convention cadre entre la ville de Lyon et les centres sociaux du Lyon Le 27 février dernier, à l'Hôtel de ville de Lyon était signée la convention cadre signifant et encadrant le partenariat entre la ville et les centres sociaux du territoire, de 2015 à 2020. 4 enjeux principaux y sont définis : - La vie associative, la participation des habitants et la citoyenneté, - La lutte contre les discriminations et pour l’égalité, - La place des 16/25 ans dans la ville, - La contribution de nos associations d’éducation populaire au projet éducatif local. Lire le texte de l'intervention de la Fédération lors de cette signature Les vidéos des 50 ans de la Fédération sont enfin disponibles La table ronde et la pièce de théâtre du 11 octobre 2014 peuvent être visionnées en ligne ! Rendez-vous sur vimeo.com Voir la table ronde Voir la pièce de théâtre Attentats de Paris : et demain on fait quoi ? Marche Républicaine du 11 janvier 2015 à PARIS. ""Le crayon guidant le peuple"" photo publiée sur les réseaux sociaux et dans le journal LE MONDE (STEPHANE MAHE / REUTERS) Communiqué du Conseil d'Administration de la Fédération des centres sociaux du Rhône Les attentats de Paris intervenus le 7 janvier au siège de Charlie Hebdo et la tuerie du supermarché casher de la Porte de Vincennes du 9 janvier à Paris sont des tragédies qui heurtent la conscience humaine et bouleversent profondément chacun d'entre nous. [...] L’objectif à long terme de ces attentats terroristes est toujours le même : fracturer la société française en créant un climat de haine contre la population de confession musulmane et justifier un prétendu ""choc des civilisations"" menant à la guerre civile. [...] La Fédération des Centres Sociaux du Rhône a bien sûr à cœur de partager avec vous cette révolte collective devant ces gestes inqualifiables qu’elle condamne sans appel. Ils sont le signe d’une fracture qui s’accroit dans ce qui est l’étendard des fédérations et des centres sociaux, à savoir notre objectif commun qui est le bien vivre ensemble. Est-ce que nous devons accepter de penser que ce « vivre ensemble », tant utilisé par nous tous, ne soit qu’un concept, une utopie par le fait inatteignable ? [...] lire le texte complet en ligne Le 19 janvier 2015, le CA de la Fédération des Centres Sociaux du Rhône 50 ans de la Fédération : une belle fête Ce samedi 11 octobre 2014, nous étions plus de 200 pour célébrer 1/2 siècle de valeurs entières... Entre chorales, table ronde, pièce de théâtre, et film sur l'histoire des centres sociaux, la soirée a été dense et animée ! Merci à tous ceux qui ont permis que cette fête soit belle ! En savoir plus sur le contenu et voir les photos et vidéos Nouvelle formule pour les p’tits dèj’ de l’info Avant de filer en pause estivale, quelques membres du réseau se sont retrouvés autour de la CAF et de la Fédération des centres sociaux du Rhône afin de faire le bilan de la saison passée et d’évoquer celle à venir. Les principaux changements se feront sur le contenu des 3 heures de rencontre. Afin de centrer l’intervention et les échanges autour des préoccupations des professionnels et renforcer le débat entre les participants, sera mise en place : * l'installation d’un paperboard à l’entrée de la salle de rencontre afin de pouvoir y noter attentes, questions, réflexions… dès l’arrivée. * la reprise de ces idées déposées sur papier lors de l’introduction de l’intervenant. * 45 minutes de débat suite à l’intervention, d’abord en petit groupe puis échanges tous ensemble Enfin, à vos agendas chers professionnels des centres sociaux. Vous êtes invités pour les p’tits dèj' à venir : - le 28 novembre 2014 : «Vivre ensemble avec nos différences, un enjeu d’intervention sociale » - le 23 janvier 2015 : le partenariat , mieux savoir comment ""jouer"" de différents registres du partenariat. - printemps 2015 : la transformation sociale, et la capacité d’action d’un centre social dans cette transformation. Alors à très vite pour déguster cette nouvelle formule, autour d’une brioche & d'un café ! lire l'article complet détaillant le bilan de la saison et les modifications prévues pour l'année à venir Assemblée Générale de la Fédération - juin 2014 Le samedi 28 juin 2014, la Fédération a vécu une belle matinée d'Assemblée Générale : temps de bilan, temps de vote, temps d'échange. Merci au centre social de Rillieux pour son accueil ! Pour ceux qui veulent retrouver trace de ce qu'on s'y est dit : - il est possible d'aller voir en ligne le support de présentation du temps statutaire d'Assemblée Générale (rapport moral, rapport financier, rapport d'activité, candidatures au CA et vote des résolutions) : se rendre sur le site pour visionner le Prezi - quelques notes prises pendant le temps d'atelier, sur la participation des habitants & sur la co-présidence , sont disponibles dans l'espace adhérents - il y a également quelques photos en ligne ! Lettre d'information de l'URACS L'Union régionale des centres sociaux a aussi sa lettre d'information. On y parle pouvoir d'agir, formations, lutte contre la pauvreté, projet-pilote... N'hésitez pas à consulter la colorée Tam-Tam, édition de juillet ! Administrateurs de centre social : des formations rien que pour vous ! Parce qu'un centre social est une structure particulière, parce qu'être administrateur implique différentes responsabilités et nécessite certains connaissances techniques,... ... ça vaut le coup de prendre le temps de se former, pour bien saisir les spécificités et les enjeux, et exercer pleinement son rôle d'administrateur , en ayant toutes les cartes en main ! Vous n'avez pas pu vous inscrire à la formation ""Exercer sa fonction d’administrateur"" ? Les dates ont changé, alors n'hésitez plus ! Mardi 1 er et 15 avril - Mardi 13 & 20 mai - Mardi 3 & 17 juin 2014 N'oubliez pas de confirmer votre participation pour les formations qui commencent très vite. La qualité de votre engagement passe aussi par la formation : Découvrez notre programme 2014 Vitalités, la lettre d'information trimestrielle de la fédération du Rhône, vient de paraître (juin 2014) Découvrez le n°42 consacré au thème de la culture, en le prenant entre vos mains dans votre centre social, ou en le parcourant depuis votre chaise en ligne ! Le centre social : avec et pour les habitants Association de proximité, le centre social est géré par les habitants pour les habitants. Les membres de son conseil d'administration sont des bénévoles adhérant au centre social. Ils sont élus par l'assemblée générale qui se réunit une fois par an. Un centre social, c'est tout à la fois : un accueil attentif une vie quotidienne plus facile le partage entre cultures et entre générations l'appui aux initiatives locales une maison ouverte sur la cité un financement pluriel Carte des centres Carte Rhône Carte Grand Lyon Carte de Lyon Carte de Villeurbanne Téléchargez la liste des centres sociaux du Rhône Actualités Un café associatif à Champvert Doucement mais sû;rement, un café associatif a vu le jour, au coeur du centre social de Champvert ! Né du constat que l'absence de lieu du genre dans le quartier (0 bars, 0 salons de thés...)... 50 ans du centre social des Buers Le centre célébrait ses 50 années d'existence et inaugurait ses locaux rénovés, avec différentes animations tout au long de l'après-midi et de la soirée. Chacun a pu y trouver ce qui l'intéressait... ""L'animation sacrifiée"" Jean-Jacques Bergeret, directeur des centres sociaux de la Soie - Montaberlet (Décines), a écrit un courrier au magazine ASH, sa lettre - intitulée ""l'animation sacrifiée""- a été publiée dans le n°2907. L'esprit de famille souffle à Vaulx-en-Velin Comme chaque année depuis 4 ans, le centre social Le Grand Vire travaille avec un collectif de partenaires sur la semaine ""Esprit de famille"", et notamment avec deux autres centres sociaux. Un jeu peut en cacher un autre : 3 semaines de découvertes numériques à la Carnière Le centre social de la Carnière propose du 26 mai au 12 juin de vivre des découvertes numériques autour des jeux. l'Après Charlie : différentes initiatives dans les centres sociaux Après les premières réactions, et des actions mobilisatrices, est venu le temps de l'échange, et de nouvelles propositions. Voici quelques exemples de ce que les centres sociaux du Rhône ont pu mettre en place. Charlie & vous - mobilisation dans les centres sociaux Suite aux attentats de Paris début janvier 2015, les centres sociaux ont accueilli cette actualité et les questions qu'elle pose. Voici quelques exemples. Le climat dans nos assiettes : des chefs se révèlent dans les centres sociaux, Mermoz et Eugénie Cotton récompensés ! Pour ce défi, les membres de centres sociaux se sont distingués JJ Peyri fête la diversité Le Centre social et Culturel Jean et Joséphine Peyri, à Vaulx en Velin, a réagi aux appels à manifester pour l'expulsion du campement Roms voisin, et a choisi de vivre ses convictions à travers un évènement festif, samedi 15 novembre, lors d'une soirée multiculturelle Jeu ""Histoires en cours"" - CAP Génération Réalisé par les ados du collège du Bois qui fréquentent l'espace jeunes de CAP Générations, il est un support idéal pour travailler sur les notions de relations et de rapports aux autres... Fédération des centres sociaux du Rhône 138 cours Emile Zola 69100 Villeurbanne Tél 04 78 84 50 84 Fax 04 78 84 48 88 fede@centres-sociaux-rhone.com "
  ISBInsight The article explores the impact of climate change on the main LOADING ... S ocial F eed.info All countries All countries US - United States GLOBAL - Global GB - United Kingdom IN - India AU - Australia CA - Canada NL - Netherlands SE - Sweden ZA - South-africa NZ - new-zealand IE - Ireland CR - Costa Rica AT - Austria PR - Puerto Rico VN - Vietnam JM - Jamaica IS - Iceland BB - Barbados DE - Germany BR - Brazil FR - France ES - Spain MX - Mexico EG - Egypt BE - Belgium PH - Philippines CH - Switzerland IT - Italy PK - pakistan CO - Colombia LB - Lebanon AE - United-arab-emirates DK - Denmark KR - South-korea TH - thailand AF - Afghanistan JP - Japan AR - Argentina SA - saudi-arabia TR - turkey MY - malaysia CL - chile ID - Indonesia CN - China DO - Dominican Republic NO - Norway CZ - Czech-republic SG - Singapore LU - Luxembourg RU - Russia BG - bulgaria IQ - iraq TW - taiwan NP - nepal MM - myanmar UA - Ukraine PT - Portugal VE - Venezuela GT - Quatemala CU - cuba RO - romania DZ - algeria QA - qatar IR - iran TN - tunisia JO - Jordan BD - Bangladesh IL - Israel PA - Panama HR - Croatia AZ - Azerbaijan LA - Laos LK - Sri-lanka UY - Uruguay KW - Kuwait SY - Syria ET - ethiopia HT - haiti SK - Slovakia GR - Greece HK - Hong-kong NG - Nigeria MK - Macedonia FI - Finland TT - Trinidad-and-tobago FO - Faroe-islands PL - Poland KE - Kenya LY - Libya KH - Cambodia UZ - Uzbekistan TZ - Tanzania RS - Serbia GM - Gambia MA - Morocco AM - Armenia GH - Ghana UG - Uganda GF - French-guiana BA - Bosnia-and-herzegovina SN - Senegal CM - Cameroon BN - Brunei BY - Belarus SI - Slovenia SD - Sudan CD - Democratic republic of the Congo HU - Hungary SR - Suriname NE - Niger Feeds Pages Feeds India Society Indian School of Business Indian School of Business today at 05:16. View this post on Facebook ISBInsight The article explores the impact of climate change on the main #ISBInsight The article explores the impact of climate change on the main agricultural product of the Kullu valley in Himachal Pradesh – apples – and the response to this impact by households and institutions in the region. Click to view details From Apple Juice to Garlic Pickle: Climate Change Adaptation in the Himalayas - ISBInsight goo.gl 7 likes - 1 comments Timeline New 1 Top Comments View comments on facebook The Donald Site - Trump for President today at 06:30 Who else thinks this is cool Other newsfeed from Indian School of Business Indian School of Business today at 11:34. View this post on Facebook Know how Sonali Srungaram, a former techie and an ISB Alum went on to change the lives of 33 lakh cancer patients. Join the Women in Business webinar on Oct 20 at 7 pm. Register here goo.gl/PtTVSV View details 8 likes - 0 comments Indian School of Business today at 05:16. View this post on Facebook #ISBInsight The article explores the impact of climate change on the main agricultural product of the Kullu valley in Himachal Pradesh – apples – and the response to this impact by households and institutions in the region. Viewing From Apple Juice to Garlic Pickle: Climate Change Adaptation in the Himalayas - ISBInsight goo.gl View details 7 likes - 1 comments Indian School of Business yesterday at 09:33. View this post on Facebook #ISBFaculty Teachers are critical for our children’s future and efforts need to be made, to make them feel supported and perform to the best of their abilities, says Professor Tarun Jain. Read his views in the context of the Subramanian Committee report for the evolution of a new education policy 2016. Bringing the sheen back to teaching newindianexpress.com View details 5 likes - 1 comments Indian School of Business 10/17/2016 at 07:19. View this post on Facebook View details 76 likes - 1 comments Indian School of Business 10/15/2016 at 17:55. View this post on Facebook ISB Leadership Summit - when the best minds in business share their wisdom on dealing with ambiguity. #ILS2016 #ExpectTheUnexpected View details 95 likes - 4 comments Indian School of Business 10/14/2016 at 03:30. View this post on Facebook #ISBInsight Professors of ISB impress upon the innovations in supply chain and interventions by policy makers that can help mitigate most of the risks that prevent farmers from growing alternative crops rather than paddy/ wheat. Crop Diversification to Reduce Exposure to Climatic Changes: Associated Risks and Mitigation Strategies - ISBInsight goo.gl View details 23 likes - 3 comments Indian School of Business 10/13/2016 at 06:27. View this post on Facebook ISB alumnus Annie Mathew has been honoured by the Honourable Chief Minister of Kerala, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan for her extraordinary work towards the start-up eco system in Kerala. Annie sits on the board of Startup Village, the country's first public-private partnership business incubator which has been recently named as India's best startup incubator by the India edition of Entrepreneur... View details ? View details 117 likes - 3 comments Indian School of Business 10/12/2016 at 12:45. View this post on Facebook ""Your capacity as a leader will be determined by how well you learn to deal with uncertainty.""- Andy Stanley. ISB students are gearing up to challenge uncertainty at #ILS2016, the annual leadership conference. #ExpectTheUnexpected Know more here: [ Ils.isb.edu Link ] #ExpectTheUnexpected at ILS 2016 FACEBOOK.COM View details 79 likes - 1 comments Indian School of Business 10/12/2016 at 09:30. View this post on Facebook Indian School of Business in partnership with the British High Commission, is organising the Young Thinkers’ Conference, the flagship foreign and security policy conference of the British High Commission on October 13-14, 2016. It brings together the best and the brightest of young thinkers as well as experts to discuss a range of foreign and security policy issues. Register for the... View details ? Young Thinkers’ Conference eventbrite.co.uk View details 15 likes - 1 comments Indian School of Business 10/07/2016. View this post on Facebook FlexiLoans, a venture of ISB Alumni gets Rs.100 crore funding! Founded by Deepak Jain, Manish Lunia, Ritesh Jain, and Abhishek Kothari, the venture received this equity from Sanjay Nayar, Chief Executive at PE firm KKR, along with other veterans of the investment and banking industry -Vikram Sud, Anil Jaggia, Narayan Seshadri in their personal capacity. ISB community is proud of its alumni... View details ? FlexiLoans raises Rs 100 Cr from Sanjay Nayar, Vikram Sud and others tech.economictimes.indiatimes.com View details 179 likes - 13 comments Indian School of Business 10/07/2016. View this post on Facebook #ISBInsight Responses to climate change need greater scholarly and research attention. Ashwini Chhatre, Professor at ISB, presents a sample of new research insights on how such responses emerge in specific settings. Climate and Society: Beyond General Circulation Models - ISBInsight goo.gl View details 13 likes - 2 comments Indian School of Business 10/06/2016. View this post on Facebook The bad bank should be set up as a private equity fund where the government holds less than 50% equity stake, feels #ISBFaculty Professor Krishnamurthy Subramanian in his analysis about the government’s initiative of setting up a bad bank. Read his article in the TOI today to know about the bad bank, its objective, constraints and his recommendations to make it effective. [ Goo.gl Link ] View details 31 likes - 1 comments Indian School of Business 10/06/2016. View this post on Facebook Young Thinkers’ Conference, the British High Commission’s flagship Foreign and Security Policy conference, brings best and brightest thinkers, and experts to discuss a range of foreign and security policy issues. First time ever outside Delhi, October 13-14, 2016, ISB Mohali campus. Click for details and registration #YTC2016 Young Thinkers’ Conference eventbrite.co.uk View details 29 likes - 2 comments Indian School of Business 10/06/2016. View this post on Facebook What steps do we take today, to leave behind a clean & green world for our future generations? What are the major environmental issues at present as well how does climate change affect supply chain management? These were some of the key topics that were conversed in a panel discussion on Supply Chain Management & Climate Change at our Mohali campus. [ Goo.gl Link ] View details 27 likes - 2 comments Indian School of Business 10/06/2016. View this post on Facebook With only 10 days to the Cycle- 1 deadline, It's important to make your application represent the best of you. Join the webinar with Team Admissions to get first-hand tips and clarify your doubts related to the application portal. Register for the session here goo.gl/Mg4s1O. To complete your application log on to the portal here: pgpapp.isb.edu View details 20 likes - 0 comments Indian School of Business 10/05/2016. View this post on Facebook #ISBAlumni “The Odd Couple”, debut movie of our alumnus Harleen Kaur has been selected for the 19th United Nations international documentary film festival. The film is a moving tale of two triathletes who support each other to succeed in life and never give up on their dreams. The movie has also made it to various other film festivals in the USA and Australia. The ISB community is proud of... View details ? View details 223 likes - 3 comments Indian School of Business 10/04/2016. View this post on Facebook ISB’s Centre for Executive Education hosted Mr. Kalvakuntla Taraka Rama Rao - KTR, Minister for IT, MAUD & NRI Affairs, Govt of Telangana at a session in the specially designed programme for a group of Ambassadors and High Commissioners from across 20 countries, under the aegis of the Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India View details 78 likes - 1 comments Indian School of Business 10/03/2016. View this post on Facebook #ISBInsight India has ratified the Paris pact, the 62nd nation to do so. Read ISBInsight on how climatic factors affect the economically relevant outcomes – agricultural output, economic growth, health etc. Impact of Climatic Conditions on GDP - ISBInsight goo.gl View details 13 likes - 0 comments Indian School of Business 09/30/2016. View this post on Facebook The silence at ISB’s campuses is deafening…….. because its exam time. :-) #LifeAtISB Good Luck PGP Co2017. View details 238 likes - 11 comments Indian School of Business 09/28/2016. View this post on Facebook #ISBPride. We congratulate Dilip Kumar Khandelwal, our PGPMAX alumnus, and MD- SAP Labs India for making it to the list of India’s top 'Forty under 40’ successful business leaders by Economic Times. These 40 winners were culled from an impressive initial list of 1,000 business leaders from Corporate India. Sharing his success mantra, Dilip defines success as the ability to do what he loves... View details ? View details 189 likes - 5 comments « 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 » Copyright © 2016 Social Feed . All rights reserved. "
  Kellogg Essay Analysis 2014 15 Service Times: 9am and 10:30am 21st-23rd October 2015 - Putrajaya - Malaysia Subscribe to this RSS feed Kellogg Essay Analysis 2014 15 Kellogg Essay Analysis 2014 15 Kellogg MBA Essay Analysis - mbadecoder.com Kellogg Essay Analysis 2014-15 . Posted On July ... The Video Essay : Kellogg had introduced a video essay last year as a way to interact ... Essay Frameworks 2014-15 (4) Northwestern / Kellogg Essay Topic Analysis 2014 -2015 Home » Essays » Northwestern / Kellogg Essay Topic Analysis 2014 -2015 ... Following up on the announcement of the Kellogg essay questions for 2014-15 , ... 2014 -2015 Northwestern Kellogg Essay Analysis 2014 -2015 Northwestern Kellogg Essay Analysis . ... mbaMission's Northwestern Kellogg Essay Analysis ( 2014 -2015) ... Oct 15 . Veritas Prep - Free ... Northwestern / Kellogg Essay Topic Analysis 2013- 2014 Northwestern / Kellogg Essay Topic Analysis 2013- 2014 . The Leading Independent Resource for Top-tier MBA Candidates ... Northwestern / Kellogg Essay Topic Analysis ... 2014-15 Kellogg MBA Essays - F1GMAT.com 2014-15 Kellogg MBA Essays . Kellogg School of Management; ... There are 10 questions to practice for the video essay . 2014-15 Kellogg MBA Essay Questions+ 1) Resilience. PDF Kellogg Mba Essays 2014 - bkcql.science Browse and Read Kellogg Mba Essays 2014 Kellogg Mba ... http://bkcql.science/GET/ kellogg -mba- essay - analysis .pdf. ... http://bkcql.science/GET/macbook-pro-vs-xps- 15 ... 2016 - 2017 Kellogg MBA Essay Analysis & Deadlines ... ... 2016 Kellogg MBA Essay Analysis Essay 1) Leadership and teamwork are integral parts of the Kellogg experience. Describe a recent and meaningful time you were a ... Kellogg Mba Essays - writegetpaperessay.tech ... 2017 Kellogg MBA Essay Analysis & 2016 ... I analyze Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Business 2014 Application Essay Questions for the MBA and MMM ... Kellogg Northwestern Essay Tips - Vibranture Kellogg Northwestern MBA Application Essays and Tips 2014 -2015. Kellogg Essay 1 ... demonstrating your powers of objective analysis and honest communication. Kellogg ... 2016 Kellogg MBA Essay & Video Questions - Analysis & Tips 2016 MBA Essay Questions: Northwestern Kellogg . ... (September 2014 ) If Kellogg said 'no ... The Kellogg essay questions are reasonably straightforward but the ... Write Like an Expert: Kellogg School of Management Essay ... BeatTheGMAT.com is proud to present the Kellogg School of Management Essays ... this year's Kellogg essays . ... Essay Analysis 2013/ 2014 ... Admissions | Kellogg Full-Time MBA | Northwestern Stay on top of our application deadlines and decision notification dates for each of our three admissions ... Why does Kellogg have a video essay ? ... but we think 15 ... Aktywna Edukacja - Kellogg Mba Essays 2014 Northwestern / Kellogg Essay Topic Analysis 2014 -2015 With the Kellogg essay questions ... 2014-15 Kellogg MBA Essays - F1GMAT.com Kellogg SOM has released the essays ... Application | Kellogg Full-Time MBA | Northwestern ... What part of the application process is the video essay ? ... but we think 15 if you decide ... Please request that official test scores are sent to Kellogg by ... ISB PGP Essay Analysis | Admissions tips for 2014-15 ISB essays for 2014-15 are ... Kellogg ; Columbia (CBS) ... The biggest change in ISB's essay line-up this year is that they require substantial self-awareness and ... Kellogg Admissions Essay Tips for 2016-2017 - Vince Kellogg MBA admissions essay analysis and tips ... 2014 -2015 HBS MBA Admissions Essay : ... Posted by Kellogg School Admin on July 15 , ... ISB essays 2014-15 | ISB PGP | ISB application 2014 | MBA ... ... ISB PGP | ISB application 2014 ISB essays 2014 -2015 ... ISB essays 2014-15 : analysis and tips. ... Got through Kellogg School of Management, ... Kellogg's 2014 -2015 MBA Essay Prompts - Forster-Thomas Inc Kellogg's 2014 -2015 MBA Essay Prompts with Analysis . By Ben Feuer. Kellogg has finally released its essay prompts for this year, ... 2013- 2014 (1) 2014 -2015 (60) Kellogg School of Management Essay Analysis 2013/ 2014 Season ... ... the Kellogg School of Management Essays ... School of Management Essay Analysis 2013/ 2014 ... Kellogg School of Management Essay Analyses ... Kellogg Application Essays and Deadlines for 2014 -2015 ... Kellogg Application Essays and Deadlines for 2014 -2015. ... Without further ado, here are the Kellogg essays and deadlines for the 2014 -2015 admissions season, ... FC Lisse » Kellogg essay ... 2016 essay questions for the chosen college essay analysis . Aug 17, 2016 kellogg mba essay ... As they are known for the essay questions, 15 , ... 2014 kellogg ... Kellogg Company Profile - SWOT Analysis ... SWOT Analysis : 2015 has seen Kellogg's sales and profits slide as a result of the ... Kellogg Co in Packaged Food. 44 ... Feb 2014 ; Barilla Holding SpA in ... A Midwestern Dream! Kellogg Essay Analysis : 2013 - 2014 A Midwestern Dream! Kellogg Essay Analysis : 2013 ... MBA Essay Writing Analysis , ... Kellogg is probably best known for its marketing program, ... Northwestern Kellogg MBA Essay Questions 2014 -2015 ... Northwestern Kellogg MBA Essay Questions have been released by Kellogg ... Northwestern Kellogg MBA Essay Questions 2014 ... His analysis is also frequently ... PDF Kellogg Mba Essay Questions - fcp.comp-acc.com kellogg mba essay analysis PDF kellogg mba essays 2014 PDF kellogg emba essays PDF kellogg admissions essays PDF kellogg business school essays PDF PDF Kellogg Essay Tips - diningaz.com kellogg mba essay analysis PDF kellogg essay format PDF ... kellogg mba essays 2014 PDF kellogg emba essays PDF kellogg business school essays PDF nhs essay tips PDF Kellogg Extends Video Essay Deadline - Poets and Quants Kellogg Extends Video Essay Deadline; Kellogg Extends Video Essay Deadline. by: John A. Byrne on January, 15 2014 ... Northwestern University's Kellogg School of ... Kelloggs Swot Analysis - Essay - Jon - EssaysForStudent.com Free College Essay Kelloggs Swot Analysis . Introduction Kellogg Company of ... Continue for 1 more page » • Join now to read essay Kelloggs Swot Analysis and ... Wharton MBA essay tips - Vince Admissions ""What do you hope to gain both personally and professionally from the Wharton ... How to edit and proofread your essays ; Kellogg Admissions Essay Tips ... 2014 . Essay 2. Kellogg essays - addcoachcalifornia.com Kellogg essays . Kellogg essays . ... Blood toil tears and sweat speech rhetorical analysis essays . ... Copyright © 2014 Juli Shulem ... Main Features Home Call for Paper WORMED Brochure Keynote Speakers Advisors Committees Paper Submission Tutorials Sponsors Venue Program Accommodation Registration Contact Us Login Username Password Remember me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account Published By: Organized By: Follow us Copyright © 2014 dsr-conferences.co.uk Developed by: Axsis Company for ecommerce Solutions, web design & web development Desktop Version "
  Isb admission essays 2017 MBA Application: Indian School of Business (ISB) Is there any help for ISB application essays? - Quora ISB Essays | Indian School of Business PGP/MBA Essay Samples Isb admission essays A guide to understand how isb admission committee see an application and what are the important factors to prepare for an outstanding application. continue reading….New isb application essays for pgp you are seeking for indian school of business admission for the year 2015-16, do not forget to take note of isb 2015 deadlines that are listed in this page. make sure that you have your application processed in time so that you do not miss the isb 2016-17 deadlines for your indian school of business applicants stay confused in round 1 and round 2. our consultants advice to apply in round 1 because mba applicants get enough time to try their admission chances in other top b-schools. continue reading…. Isb admission essays This essay will help the admissions committee understand your maturity of thought and your ability to objectively appraise yourself. while writing this essay, please focus on describing the achievement, the challenges you faced and how you overcame them. mention gaps in your approach and how plugging those gaps would have helped you improve essays questions 2015-16 (for class of 2016):The purpose of this essay is gauge the clarity of goals and purpose of an mba. the applicant has to weave a compelling theme that suits his/her career vision with gaps identified between one’s previous professional experiences and future goals and it should all be knit very logically with an mba from isb serving as a bridge. while articulating how isb fits the whole scheme of things, he/she has to be specific about the industry and type of role looking forward to immediately after graduation from isb. it is very important from perspective of both the admission & career advancement councils of isb, as they bear big onus of placing 900+ is the platform for the applicants to best persuade the admissions committee of their worthiness from their personal/professional experiences. key qualities/traits looked at are penchant to learn, management ability, leadership quality, initiative, collaborative mindset, and achievement orientation. Student writing recommendation letter for professor Last year’s essay prompt started out similarly but then guided applicants to share the personal or professional achievement that they were most proud of to earn that coveted seat in the class. this year, the applicant gets to decide what evidence will best persuade the admissions committee of their worthiness. frankly, your greatest leadership experience or largest impact are most likely still the ideal way to win the adcom’s attention year numbers of applicants apply to isb pgpm and only few of them qualify and being offered the admission. parameters considered while shortlisting candidates are gmat score, work experience, academic score, extracurricular, achievements and overall application including essays, recommendations and interview performance. read the full blog to know the average gmat cut off required to apply in isb if you have an average profile – continue reading….Isb admission help, guides and isb mba admission process and pgp essays (2015). Get expert advice on how to write the best possible application essays for Indian School of Business. Have a question? Leave a comment and we'll respond. Indian School of Business (ISB) Essays – Tips for 2016-17 Mba essays and helpful you are seeking for indian school of business admission for the year 2015-16, do not forget to take note of isb 2015 deadlines that are listed in this page. make sure that you have your application processed in time so that you do not miss the isb 2016-17 deadlines for your indian school of business essay is important to showcase that the candidate has charted out his/her career goals and is clear about what s/he is looking to achieve professionally and how isb features in this journey. use this essay to highlight your long-term planning abilities and demonstrate to the isb admissions committee how you would achieve your career goals. this is also an opportunity to showcase how isb would play a critical role in helping you achieve your professional goals. we suggest that you highlight your career goals immediately after mba and weave them into your long-term goals to demonstrate how you are a long-term to know indian school of business (isb) pgp selection criteria, admission process and the changes that isb has made this year(2014) in pgp essays. isb pgp round 1 application deadline is approaching soon in september month. so, start drafting your essays and to know tips on how to draft isb pgp essays in detail. continue reading…. ISB Essays Questions 2016-17 (For Class of 2017): To get into indian school of business (isb) pgp, gmat score is not only the parameters. extracurricular plays an important and equal part on your isb application essays. read more to know how important are extracurricular in an mba application. continue reading….It is difficult to believe that 700 words allowed for the required essays is enough to capture who you are and why isb should admit you. if possible, i recommend using this space to share evidence of your initiative, risk taking, or international experience (bonus points if your story can cover more than one!). and be sure to use all of the characters allowed in the professional experience section of the application (since isb does not even allow a cv upload with your application!): five 100-character lines describing your job responsibilities and – even more important – five 100-character lines describing your initiatives and achievements for each essays and application you so much for your support guys! you made all the difference. i was concerned of my chances as i had average gmat score. it was only through your counseling sessions and essay reviews that i was able to highlight my profile, achievements and objectives in the best manner possible leading to my selection. my admission to isb early entry option wouldn't have been possible without your support and guidance. Essay Question – 1: If we were to admit just One more candidate to the Postgraduate Programme (PGP) at the ISB, why should it be you? (400 words max) I am very happy with the way essays have shaped up and looking forward to building a solid application as essay is important to showcase that the candidate has charted out his/her career goals and is clear about what s/he is looking to achieve professionally and how isb features in this journey. use this essay to highlight your long-term planning abilities and demonstrate to the isb admissions committee how you would achieve your career goals. this is also an opportunity to showcase how isb would play a critical role in helping you achieve your professional goals. we suggest that you highlight your career goals immediately after mba and weave them into your long-term goals to demonstrate how you are a long-term essays and application essays questions 2014-15 (for class of 2015): Essay Question – 2 Describe your your short and long term career plans. How does the PGP fit in with those? (300 words max) -N chandra | assisted for isb essays you may choose to write about an achievement, a failure or just an experience which has led you to change your way of thinking and the manner in which you approach life (personal or professional). while describing the situation is important, detailing your learning from the experience will help the admissions committee understand the significance of your achievement. here’s your chance to project your depth of learning basis the experiences you have been exposed mba admission school of business (isb) essays – tips for 2016-17. Essay Question – 3 (Optional) Isb essays questions 2016-17 (for class of 2017):To get into indian school of business (isb) pgp, gmat score is not only the parameters. extracurricular plays an important and equal part on your isb application essays. read more to know how important are extracurricular in an mba application. continue reading….N chandra | assisted for isb essays admission process and pgp essays (2015). How to write the methodology section of a research paper – The purpose of this essay is gauge the clarity of goals and purpose of an mba. the applicant has to weave a compelling theme that suits his/her career vision with gaps identified between one’s previous professional experiences and future goals and it should all be knit very logically with an mba from isb serving as a bridge. while articulating how isb fits the whole scheme of things, he/she has to be specific about the industry and type of role looking forward to immediately after graduation from isb. it is very important from perspective of both the admission & career advancement councils of isb, as they bear big onus of placing 900+ has changed its application essay questions slightly this year, reducing the required essays to just 2 and eliminating their own guidance in how to answer essay 1. no longer are applicants offered an explicit opportunity to describe their risk-taking or exposure to diversity – though applicants may still choose to share one of these in the 200-word optional essays questions 2015-16 (for class of 2016):This is the platform for the applicants to best persuade the admissions committee of their worthiness from their personal/professional experiences. key qualities/traits looked at are penchant to learn, management ability, leadership quality, initiative, collaborative mindset, and achievement orientation. Do my homework for me now – I am very happy with the way essays have shaped up and looking forward to building a solid application as well.A guide to understand how isb admission committee see an application and what are the important factors to prepare for an outstanding application. continue reading….Indian school of business (isb) essays – tips for applicants stay confused in round 1 and round 2. our consultants advice to apply in round 1 because mba applicants get enough time to try their admission chances in other top b-schools. continue reading…. How to write a good dissertation lit review – However if you have covered all the attributes you wanted to highlight in your other isb essays, it is not necessary to attempt this just for the sake of r if you have covered all the attributes you wanted to highlight in your other isb essays, it is not necessary to attempt this just for the sake of essays questions 2016-17 (for class of 2017):Thank you so much for your support guys! you made all the difference. i was concerned of my chances as i had average gmat score. it was only through your counseling sessions and essay reviews that i was able to highlight my profile, achievements and objectives in the best manner possible leading to my selection. my admission to isb early entry option wouldn't have been possible without your support and guidance. Dissertation writing results – This essay will help the admissions committee understand your maturity of thought and your ability to objectively appraise yourself. while writing this essay, please focus on describing the achievement, the challenges you faced and how you overcame them. mention gaps in your approach and how plugging those gaps would have helped you improve year numbers of applicants apply to isb pgpm and only few of them qualify and being offered the admission. parameters considered while shortlisting candidates are gmat score, work experience, academic score, extracurricular, achievements and overall application including essays, recommendations and interview performance. read the full blog to know the average gmat cut off required to apply in isb if you have an average profile – continue reading….New isb application essays for pgp 2015-16 year is live now, this time essays have been changed by admission committee. these new isb essays will bother mba aspirants, but we are here to help you. continue reading….Mba essays and helpful links. Writing a thesis in one night – Isb admission help, guides and isb mba to know indian school of business (isb) pgp selection criteria, admission process and the changes that isb has made this year(2014) in pgp essays. isb pgp round 1 application deadline is approaching soon in september month. so, start drafting your essays and to know tips on how to draft isb pgp essays in detail. continue reading….New isb application essays for pgp campus should i opt? this question bothers a lot to mba aspirants who are looking admission in isb. let’s compare both campuses…continue reading…. Writing site – Imd mba admission tips.• 5 fatal flaws to avoid in your application essays!Isb essays questions 2014-15 (for class of 2015):New isb application essays for pgp 2015-16 year is live now, this time essays have been changed by admission committee. these new isb essays will bother mba aspirants, but we are here to help you. continue reading…. Please use this space to provide any other information not covered elsewhere in the application that could significantly impact your candidature at ISB. Indian School of Business Application, ISB MBA, how to get into Indian School of Business, Indian School of Business Application Get back "
